
# BANSWRAS - Fallback_Transcript_52

## Behavioral Analysis
⚠️ **[EVASION] High Evasion Density:** Management used unusually high deflection terminology.

## Preparation
### 👤 BSE Limited
Listing Deptt.

### 👤 )\ 13ANSWARA
161h February, 2022

### 👤 Symbol" BANSWRAS"
2022.

### 👤 Pursuant
to

### 👤 Disclosure
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, Kindly find enclosed a transcript of the Q3 & 9M available on the website of the Company i.e, www.banswarasyntex.com. Please take the same on record.

### 👤 Thanking You,
ni\NSWAIM SYNTEX UMl'lI:;[)

### 👤 CDnl'mlATI' OFFiCE
5th F~ot}l~ G~)pill Bh~t1,"'i'ilfh HHJ f :Pfjn{~(~:)s StrB(~lf JdllJubdi ;tOO n02 tei +912213G.::BG571·7h ll';ax ~+'H122

### 👤 ~~'20{; ,'Hf!()
ErrmH ; in!()~J!b[lJl5~Nan1fitbrtCt~.,(()m

### 👤 HE{;I~TEItEI) OFFICE& MIl.l$
IllouM,ml A"'a,, D" i1()(1 Hoad,Hans",,,r,, . 32700! (HajNh;lI1)

### 👤 Td, +~H
;t~Jf)2

### 👤 8J; ~S7H7(J ~. HI
Emtll! ~ ~nft)~1Ib(mf;·f\'M\~~·abr.I(:S,({1Jn \VWW ,ban5Vl~lm\iY'l1tt~J;.corn

### 👤 Disclaimer
This document is subject to errors and mayor may not contain words which have been included / omitted due to human error while transcribing the conference call. Any and all information should be verified with the company by the reader.

### 👤 MANAGEMENT
MR.

### 👤 ',%-\, BANSWAHA
r

### 👤 February 08, 2022
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Banswara Syntcx Limited <).1 & 9iv1 statements about the company which arc based on the beliefs, opinions and expectations or the company as on dale of this call. These statements arc not guarantees or future performance and involve risks and uncertainties that arc difficult to predict. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing "*" then "(l" on your touchtonc phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Ravi Toshniwal -- Managing Director or Banswara Syntcx Limited. Thank you and over to you, Sir. Thank you. Good afternoon everyone, and welcome after a long time to our QJ & 9tv1 you and your families arc healthy and if you have been through the omicron third wave, have recovered quickly without any significant health problems. I am joined on the call by SCiA, our Investor Relations Advisors and I hope everyone has had a chance to go through our updated investor presentation which we uploaded 011 the exchange and also on our company website. For the benefit of the audience who arc joining our earnings call for the first time, I would like to give you a quick overview of the company followed with a review of the financial performance during the quarter and the nine months of the current financial year. Banswnra Syntax is a vertically integrated textile company which started in 1977 specializing in three focus areas. The production of yarn M synthetic yarn & poly wool yarn, fabric and ready-made garments. Our focus has always been on the dress up clothing and on more value-added suiting. Over the years. we have forayed into many markets in over 50 countries for exports including the US, UK, Canada, Spain, the developed countries in Europe, Germany, Japan, France, UAE and Turkey. We have always been a product oriented company with innovation as an important ingredient of our offering. We have diversified our offerings in textiles looking to the changing choices and the market conditions. In this respect, we have moved hom dress-up clothing to a little more smart casual and offerings which arc based on the fact that a lot of people now arc working from home and require what is called as more comfortable clothing. And in spite of our not being Page 2 of22

### 👤 · /~ BANSWAHA
j

### 👤 February OS, 2022
primarily in the cotton sector, we have been able to achieve within the man-made and poly wool business a more relevant offering for the present times. Further we also expanded our technical fabrics. making automotive fabrics and other technical fabrics, which arc being supplied to the government in defense. Due to a varied and highly specialized product range, we arc able 10 service a few very good customers in the domestic and international fashion brands and we arc also integrating automation into our process as well as SAP software and all latest technologies in our factories to produce the high quality product and ensure speed and reliability for our customers. Coming to the financial and operational performance or the company, this year has been definitely better for us, Vic saw that the third quarter is more or less similar to our second quarter. We were expecting to be better. but there has been pressure 011 this operating margin due to a substantial increase in our power and fuel cost. This increased by almost 13.5 Crores over the last quarter. For the period of nine months ended December 2021. we have been able to increase our capacity utilization across all of our three key segments - yarn, fabric, and garments. Our production of fabrics and garments increased by 74% YoY and 121% YoY respectively in 9M FY2022 as compared 109M FY2021. Our total revenues have increased by 54% year-on-year ill the nine months or FY2022 to Rs.833.8 Crorcs. Our EBITDA has increased by 66.2% year-on-year to Rs.87.6 Crorcs. This is primarily due to our higher margins in the garment and fabric business. The current EBITDA is at about 10.5% of our turnover. The increase in the business or fabric and garment has helped to partially negate the high impact or our increase in power and fuel cost, which increased significantly in this quarter. The PAT for nine months FY2022 stood at Rs.27.3 Crorcs as against a loss 01'2.9 Crorcs in the nine months of FY2021. For Q3 FY2022, proportion ofthe value added business. which includes fabric and garments, has increased to 49% of the total sales as compared to 47% in Q2 FY2022. At present if you look at the nine months altogether, we arc about 47% of our sales in fabric and garment and 53% of our sales in yarn. The demand from export market increased marginally during the current quarter. We were expecting a much higher demand however the third wave dampened that demand from the export to an extent in Europe and USA. Page 3 of22

### 👤 Till'
share of exports increased (0 44% ill quarter three FY2022 from :10%1 in quarter two

### 👤 FY2022
however our EHITDA margins were impacted as mentioned earlier due 10 till" power and fuel cost, This has been mainly due to the coal prices rising exorbitantly. The PAT for the quarter stood at Rs 12.2 Crores as against Rs 11.7 Crorcs in the previous quarter. Now coming specifically to this increase in the power and fuel cost. We have a peculiar situation ill that. We arc forced to lise our own thermal power plant and generate up (0 300,000 units internally due 10 the connection that we have from the Rajasthan Stale Electricity Board being a 33 KYA C01~llcction on a rural feeder and the quality ofpower not being stable enough in that connection. This leads to us having to rely 011 our own generation of a consistent energy through the thermal power, and this wns something that we have been forced to use and not switch on' our power and revert to the stale electricity board until we get a line which is better and this work is already 011 and we hope that soon we will have consistent power available through RSEH: however this will take time as the line is being worked upon. In the last quarter how due to the runmvay coal prices we had an increase or Rs D.5 Crorcs in power cost alone and in fact, alter this increase also we have been able to achieve similar profits in this quarter, which means that our operating margin was much better. For your information, traditionally in the past, Banswara has been doing almost 58Ir {) of its turnover in fabric and garments in FYI 8 & FY19, And so also in FY20, we did 58% of our turnover in fabric and garments whereas at this moment we arc at 47%. So we still have a gap of almost 10% to II % from our normal segmental revenue that we get in fabrics and garments as the fabrics and garments revenue has not increased as much due to our being in the formal clothing sector primarily. We believe that the market however continues to be good and increased cost to an extent are being passed on. We arc hopeful that with some coal prices stabilizing the power and fuel cost will correct sooner or we will move to the RSEB power as soon as the connection is stabilized. Going ahead, we arc confident on the industry growth and we believe that Banswara is best placed to capture a large pie of the opportunity arising when the latent demand for dress-up clothing is addressed. People arc coming back to social gatherings, the marriages arc increasing, ceremonial clothing is back in demand, and we sec that the order book position remains good and the business sentiment and business outlook remains positive both in the domestic and export markets. Page 4 of22 0~;l3ANSWAHA

### 👤 Y
:Ish Agarwal;

### 👤 Banswara .5)/11/0
Limited

### 👤 February 08. 2022
We have never wavered from our belief in the kind of fabrics and garments thai we produce and our yarn quality that supports it. The yarn business is experiencing a very, very good buoyant demand at the moment: however it seems that the fabric and the garment demand is also coming back with equal vigor. The order book visibility is high in fabric and garment and we-arc focusing on improving capacity utilization at these segments. I would like 10 say that many or the cost reductions we have achieved in this COYlD period in the last 1\\'0 years, will be permanent, and we have a leaner cost structure. We have reduced significant portion or employees, a higher productivity per employee has been achieved. We agree that our recovery is taking a little longer than many others who have been in the cotton segment. Primarily in the cotton business, there has been 11 boom due to the fact that the Chinese cotton is not preferred in the USA and in many other countries with the concern that they have on human rights violations. This did not happen in synthetics, however the synthetic demand due to the high prices of cotton now stand a great opportunity and we see thar the demand in synthetics is every day increasing and as soon as this third wave part is now, which we hope is getting over, we are seeing the pickup already in our order book. Now, J think that the recovery for us as compared to the casual sector, has been a little bit slower, but we expect that this will soon catch up. So, I think that is all I have to say for now and look forward to hear from all of you your questions and I am happy to answer what J can. Thank you everyone.

## Q&A
### 👤 February 08. 2022
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question is from the line of Yash Agarwal from JM Financial. Please go ahead. I-Ii! Good afternoon Sir, and congrats on a good set of numbers. My first question was that if I see quarter-on-quarter, we mentioned that the utilization of fabric and garment went up from 67% & 51% to 71% & 54%. Then why there is a quarter-on-quarter decline in revenues, that is something which I wanted to understand. The decline in revenue from the last quarter is very marginal, J mean, we are talking about the decline 1'1'0111 Rs 3J2 crore to Rs 307 crorc. That is hardly significant in that sense because we had a 101 of goods, which arc produced and not lifted in the fabric and garment business clue to the third wave. We had a lot of postponements on delivery, so we could not translate it into the actual turnover. Page 5 of22 ,j"~;llANSWAHA

### 👤 February 08, 2022
And what would be the utilization currently of these fabric and garment units, arc they further higher or they arc at that level. So in Q4FY22, the utilization has improved even more, and [hal is why I was mentioning that our target is to get to 58-60<Yo of our turnover in fabric and garment, which at present is at 47%. So this call be achieved when fight now our garment utilization is I think close to 85% and our fabric utilization is close to 75%. And when do you sec that happening, the utilization going tip to that level. This 75% in fabric utilization at the moment is expected to go up to 85~90% from the next year onwards. So let us say by FY22~23, we definitely hope to achieve this. Also given the fact that coal and all costs are moving up substantially even as we speak. What sort of price increase arc we able to take on the value-added segment and is it immediate or do you feel there will be a lag in this'? To some extent we have been able to get 5~7% increases across our garment and fabric prices and yarn prices have even been more elastic and we have been able to increase yarn prices quite significantly. So, we arc not sure if the yarn price \~rill continue to be as buoyant as it has, but definitely now, inflation as a factor in the garment and in the fabric. is being accepted by most customers and they arc paying higher. And also, what is the Capex plan for the next 12 to 24 months or we arc just focusing on reducing our debt even from here. Yes, the Capcx plan we had earlier communicated as well. Jt is about 80 Crores. and this is a Capex which is really being used to make our sustainability initiatives, our power situation, which will be a combination of the solar power as well as making sure that we have the SEn power available rather than coal. Moving away from coal sustainability of all our initiatives to ensure that the water and air quality that we use, the carbon footprint is reduced. So. there is a lot of investment happening in those areas plus there is a modernization and a little bit of maintenance Capex. So that is all that we arc doing there is no more Capcx planned. Capacity already exists both in the fabric and garment division to increase turnover. We have only to make sure that our customers when they come back are happy to take from us, moving to the China Plus One strategy for a lot of the customers is a reality now, and the only challenge has been that the demand that they had for our kind of Page 6 of22

### 👤 February 08, 2022
product both in garments and fabric was low due 10this third wave. Once this clears out th.u demand should increase substantially.

### 👤 Ravi Toshniwal
And has there been any impact on the domestic demand for garments and fabrics in the current month in the omicron month or it has been relatively at the.. The domestic has been slightly down, but not much in I1KI it has been much more robust than the export demand. And we sec that the domestic sentiment towards whatever they want to buy from us all our key customers whether it is the Aditya Birla Group and Madura or Arvind or Raymond's everyone. All the brands in India arc now looking at increasing their exposure with us. Sure. Thank you so much for answering all my questions. Thank you. The next question is from the line of Bajrang Bafuu from Sunidhi Securities and Finance. Please go ahead. Congratulations for a good set of numbers Ravi Sir. Just on the couple of questions, one you rightly pointed out that power was the major issue during the quarter where we have to lift the high coal prices and that has impacted our margins and you arc already on course to go the cost normalization may be in next couple of months. But you have already indicated that there is some investments which is going on the solar power side. So I just want to understand from a broader strategy perspective that if we try to compare India to China on this energy cost side, if we come to the solar power used to a great extent, probably will be more competitive we live in other parts of the world in terms of energy cost utilization. So when can we expect this solar to be meaningful for our company and will be getting major chunk of our power requirements of the through solar, if you could highlight that and what sort ofsavings that you arc looking at. it will be really helpful. I think you raised a very important point about the competitiveness of India to China and particularly in the power pari because power is a major cost of our textile business. So we are seeing that now we had fortunately ordered all our solar power for about 4.5 megawatts just before many of the increases happened in the solar panel cost. Solar panel costs have gone up, so actually one now wants to put up solar power it is a little bit more expensive than what it was maybe a year ago. However, even now the return on this is significantly good and maybe about 3-3.5 years for all the money that you put into solar you get a return back at the current pmver prices. We have put in about 18 Crorcs currently which we will be spending up to March 2023 in which we will be getting around 4.5 megawatts of solar Page 70f22

### 👤 < "\ BANSWARA
i

### 👤 February 08, 2022
power and we will continue 10 invest to basically sec to it that we usc a solar PO\\'CI' in the day and in the evening and once the sun is down, we arc able \0 buy cheaper rate electricity from the state electricity board. So, the good part about solar is that it is available during the day when the energy costs arc higher and when it is not available, you can take a lower power cost of the grid. And this is exactly the economy we wish to achieve and move away from coal. So, most others have been better than us in moving away from coal faster. This has been a weakness which we acknowledge and we arc now on the job to make sure that this weakness is removed mainly because it is much cheaper now and to buy from the SEn and it is not our business to really produce power, our business is to remain sustainable and be able to give customers the kind of product we have without an impact on the environment. So we have already made a big initiative in using recycled polyester where Banswara is ahead of most others in this curve and our customers arc appreciating that we are able to give a high quality product even with recycled fiber and we have solved many of the challenges that arc associated with using recycled fiber to produce high quality products, So I think that sustainability means the solar initiative as welt as having a clean footprint on your water and other carbon footprint is important and for this we need to stop coal. So Sir, this 4.5 megawatt I hope it will come by the end of this financial year. Arc we going to further invest in the solar side maybe in FY2023 or in FY2024 to get our requirement marc from solar, Yes we will, we will continue to invest in that. And as and when panel costs may stabilize and whenever we see the opportunity we will continue to invest we have enough land available on our rooftops itself. We have enough within a hundred acre complex that we have in Banswara to be able to theoretically install a capacity of close to 24~25 megawatts that exists and if we do that then more or less during the day at eight hours, one could literally run on solar power. You said 25 to 30 megawatts will be sufficient for us to meet the complete requirement for us, Absolutely but the point is that it only gets used for eight hours a day, Yes, That I got in the evening you can get that SE13 power to.. Correct. So that is a good balance which most mills have done in fact much more ahead of us, we have been slow Oil this curve. Page 8 of22

### 👤 '''" .13ANSWAHA
).

### 👤 February 08, 2022
So after this 4.5 mcgawau what will be the total solar that we will be having Of this is the first one that we arc doing. This is the first major one \VC arc doing, we have done only about 350 kilowatts so Ill!"just as an experiment before. And my second question pertains to again 011 the China side as you also commented Oil your opening remarks that on the cotton side that is a complete ban from US beenliseor the those human rights issues,' but the similar thing is not applicable to synthetics yet but in the current season there arc two things which I want to understand from yOll. One is thaI, when the cotton prices have gone significantly higher right now, my understanding is that the mixing of synthetic to the cotton is going to be higher to minimize the cost impact that 1110St of the garment manufacturers arc racing at this point of time both on the domestic as well as on the global side. My second question is that \VIHlt exactly do you sec from a broader strategy perspective for India that we become more and more competitive vis-a-vis China when we will talk about synthetics especially. Even in synthetics the largest field of course is 100% polyester filament India and in 100%) polyester filament, India has become significantly competitive also with large capacities existing. We have one of the largest polyester fiber capacities also for spun polyester yarn and spun poly viscose blended yarn. Also we have Grasim which supplies the viscose which is the largest producer of viscose in the world. So as far as raw materials arc concerned whether it is filament yarn, polyester fiber or viscose fiber, we arc very strong, and this is an advantage for us using, I mean, there are a few key players in India, Banswara Syntex being one ofthe largest units, that is doing fiber dyed yams and fabrics made from fiber dyed yarns whose main applications arc in the suiting business and uniform business where we have an advantage over piece-dyed goods that China does, when you do piece- dyed you get color continuity challenges and color fastness Issues. Our product is inherently superior to the Chinese product in fiber dyed and this is the reason we arc trying to usc this as a lever to be able to go to the customers. Traditionally we used to be more expensive than the Chinese when we have now examined out' costs after the COVID and we have reduced our cost structures become leaner, we find that we are able to match the Chinese prices and still get an EBlTDA margin which is good for fabric and for garment. So we lind now that we do not need to do more than offer the same prices china is offering, offer the lead time that they arc being able to do and the customer will come to us, They are giving us the opportunity of course they would not givc us a better price than China and of course they would not give us any advantage ill lead time, they will want both from us. And I think we are able to lind a way to reduce and we have reduced our lead times from 60 days to 45 Page 9 of22

### 👤 February 08, 2022
clays for the fabric. We arc able to as a vertical mil! offer a packaged garment from our Sural and Daman unit and deliver into the Bombay pO]'1 very quickly within another 30 days. So in 75 days we arc able to get a garment onto 11 ship and moving for our western markets and even Japan and Korea. So we arc able to really compete with China effectively with a good planning and with material and raw material 'available. I do not sec why, we will no! be a significant competitor to China ill the synthetic business. Thank you. Thank you. The next question is n'0111 the line of Pritcsh Chhcda from Lucky Securities. Please go ahead. Sir, in one of the previous calls in December, we mentioned that we wen: running at about 140 Crorcs of revenue per month run rate. I am just wondering when the quarter numbers were there. 140 Crorcs you said. Yes. I do not think we gave 140 Crorcs anytime during this year you arc talking about pre- COYID. No, communication was about a slightly higher revenue run rate in the past quarters communication. So I am just wondering is there any challenges that we arc facing in terms of the revenue ramp up and second this asset that we have of yarn is any case 90% plus utilized, but combined asset of yarn plus fabric plus garment, what kind of revenue potential do you see here, ifyou could help us understand. When would you achieve that revenue. Yes, I mean, Rs 140 Crorcs revenue per month we can probably get in the next quarter but that will be more 11)1' FY2023, Right now we arc thinking of closing at about a revenue of Rs 1150 crorc and we have in this financial year 2022 and we arc right now at Rs 822 crorc. So, 822 to JJ50 is what we will achieve in the next quarter. So I think that run rate is already a little bit better than what run rate we have been achieving so far or Rs 330 crorc for the quarter as compared to let us say Rs 310 crorc or Rs 307 crorc, that we have got in the last two quarters that is about Rs l l0 crcrcs. From Rs 110 crcrc to get to Rs 140 crore like I said right now our fabric division is at 7Y% utilization and the garment is at 80-85%. This will ramp lip and we will have our garment utilization have increasing both in the Page 10 of22

### 👤 February 08, 2022
number of jackets we make and value added product we make, Even our worsted sales and type of product we have in fabric is improving. So, the challenge bas been that the more expensive fabrics have been selling less, since we have been selling less suits. Now \VC arc seeing the {rend reverse and we arc getting more orders for woo] and for poly wool and for more expensive fabrics that are coming into suits. So, we can sec that the revenue ramp up will improve from the next quarter onwards. And what happens to the margin because some years back we were doing 12%, 13'% margin. Right so. I mean, we expect to get back to 13% again for the next year for sure and then eventually our target is to get to 15% in two, three years Ih111l now, This is this is where we remain and continue to be focused on our strength ill poly viscose and poly wool and synthetics. The cotton business is growing a lot, but this is not our field. our field remains with this. My last question is, with maintenance Capex only outlined by us and Jew Capex is like a solar power. What happens to the debt number over the next three years. So the debt will continue to drop and we are expecting that we will be debt free to some extent, I mean, with a minor amount to be given because we arc doing some modernization will be always borrowing. But overall our cost of interest as well as our cost for whatever finance ""C usc will continue to drop. So your Capcx will be less depreciation you have a Rs 50-55 Crores depreciation number. Yes, so Capex is going to be this year a little bit more Rs 80 Crorcs because we are doing significant amount of power in the solar and whatever cost we have to improve the infrastructure. But our credit rating already improved and we have now moved to A- and that has already improved our interest costs that we are paying and I think that more or less they will be on par the depreciation and alii' investment. Rs 80 Crorcs is for FY22? FY23 not FY22. FY22 & FY23 both years put together or FY22 80 Crorcs and 2023. Page 11 of22

### 👤 February 08, 2022
FY2023. FY2023 is 80 Crorcs. Correct and the initiation will be maybe around 50, 50, 60 something like that it is a little bit more. And Sir, debt number at year end then your opinion should be what. About the same level as we arc now so it is about Rs 200~250 Crorcs or so. Just one clarification. this power cost impact will continue furtherright. It wi[I continue tor at leas! a couple of quarters maybe if the coal price docs not go down. And then it should with a better utilization ofthe asset you should sec.. It is a double benefit. One will be the reduction in the power cost which will equalize us to the state electricity board cost and we will be where everyone is. Right now, we arc getting a better operating margin but our cost of power being more expensive we arc having [0 give away that. So this will take about six months to neutralize or if the coal cost goes down we will be lucky. So this solar power assets will come when next year. Solar power will also not take care of the full thing what we have to do is move to the state electricity board power away Jl'OI11 OLlr 33 KYA to the 132 KVA connection. That is in work and it takes a little bit time with RSEI3 to do that. And what is your total consumption of power at the Banswara complex. \Ve consume around roughly more or less 450,000 units a day. Ifyou have to convert into megawatt usage per annum. The megawatt consumption will be roughly around 25 or 27 MWsomething like that. Out of that you are putting the first 4.5 megawatt. Page 12 of22

### 👤 February OR, 2022
Correct. So it is just maybe about 20%. And this solar power will come in the year end right or next year. No solar power should start in April. April, May it will be beginning the 4.5 megawatts. Thank you very much. Thank you, The next question is from the line of Jainis Chhcda front Spark Capital. Please go ahead. Good afternoon Sir. I just wanted to get an understanding from the industrial perspective that China Ptus One story which is happening right now in the textiles. is it only for the cotton yarns or is it benefiting companies like you who arc into synthetic or blended yarns as well. It is showing a benefit to us as well in terms of the demand Irom both the US (Inti European and customers allover the world. The difference is that there is no particular ball, so Chinn continues to be a competitor in the synthetic part of the business. However the supply chains arc moving more towards Bangladesh and Sri Lanka and India to supply the garments. So this is why we arc in a better position to provide if we can match the price of the Chinese, the goods hom the region of the world. And I think this is going to be a significant game changer where we can sec that over this period of time as the treaties are playing out if we can have a FTA coming in with UK or if we can have something happening with Australia. So just like already we have an FTA with Japan and with Korea and \VC arc seeing significant business increasing there because of the FTA already being operated for so many years and the interest moving away from China now. So, I think that there is it is only a question of maybe a year or two and you can see that the Chinese have moved out of many of the woolen worsted businesses because their O\VI1 consumption domestically has increased and the capacities arc not increasing significantly. The Chinese arc not taking as much of an interest in the overall textile segment as they arc in many other businesses. And I think there is no reason to assume that now synthetics is something where we will not experience the China Plus One working equally. If it is possible to give a Humber, what is the size of the market that is shifting out from China and how much of'that is coming to India. Page 13 of22

### 👤 Ravi Toshniwal
.

### 👤 February 08, 2022
Well all we need is maybe 2% or J% of the shill to happen globally and because China controls I think around 36% to 37% of the globaltrade and we have maybe less than 51hl. And in terms of value what would it be. In terms of value, ! do not know, but it is significant amount or billions or dollars. So there is really no, I mean, if we got a 1%) shift away from China WI,': would be really floating in orders. Okay, thank yon so much. Thank you. The next question is from the line of Niraj Mansingka front While Pine Investment Management. Please go ahead. Hi! Thank you Sir for the opportunity. I just wanted to understand the demand of the yam which is picked up as well as the fabric and garment. Do you think it is more on related to pent up or do you think it is more to do with the regular intake of demand. I would think that see the yarn business has a very good demand and even more so than our fabric and garment business. Primarily because a lot of end users for yarn now have got significantly higher demand than before. Like say, for home furnishing, mattresses and various other applications whcn people in the pandemic have increased consumption in those areas. The apparel business has overall gone down, but yet we are experiencing, so we have not come back to our original apparel demand pre-pandemic. We have not yet experienced the pent-up demand. This isjust a filling which is happening of the amount of stores which are now going empty and they are just wanting to till back the goods into the stores the pent-up demand is yet to come in my view. So then what has changed that the utilization is sustained at 90% because prc-COvll) the margins was not as high as it right now. So wanted to understand .. So in yarn, this is primarily because a lot of the yarn capacity that is globally there with China is not working anymore for whatever reason that capacity has been shut. A lot of the people never went back to work after COVID into the yarn business at all in China. You are talking about PV yarn on that you are making right. Page 14 of22

### 👤 February 08, 2022
PY, cotton, most or the yarns, even synthetic and poly wool yarns. The yarn capacity globally there is a shift ill the yarn capacity utilization from China towards other countries. So then it would imply a very high growth rate in the export orders in the yarn side. Is it a right statement'? It is true. But India docs not have so much capacity. Then how do companies like you. how do you envisage going forward on that. So our capacity is almost we are producing 3000 tons ofyarn per month in poly viscose and we produce about 150 tons in poly wool and all of it is specialty yarns which arc dyed. So this is a significant capacity on any global level. So I do not sec'why \V~~ should increase further capacities right now even though the government is offering the PLl and all that. At some point some of the capacities globally that are not being used at the moment will revive when the pent-up demand and when all of demand revive. So. we arc being cautious in making sure that we improve the overall margin and type of product and type or customers we want to service. If we can do both those things there is without much risk in further investment, we will be able to improve our profitability and utilization. If you have to put a number like say utilizing optimally most of the yarn and the fabric and garment what can be the revenue number on today's revenues. on today's realization. We are talking about Rs 1600 Crores is possible and that Rs 1600 Crorcs two years from now, we could have an EBITDA margin of' maybe 15% and be at around Rs 240-260 EBlTDA. Can you just share some understanding of the prices of the yarn in the market how has it moved since end of quarter December and now just ifyou cnn give some color on that. So, J think that the prices of yarn have been moving even higher than the raw material price increases and this is because the demand has been significantly high <Inc! there is a shortage like you said the export demand also is there and domestic demand is also there. So there is due to the supply chain restrictions and material availability being low, people arc willing to pay higher prices and J think this higher prices has been almost 10 the extent of J0% increase maybe about RsJO to Rs.35 a kilo has been increases which have happened ill the last two three months.

### 👤 February 08, 2022
And how much would that flow. is the full impact already there in the <)3 numbers right now it will come in the Q4 effectively. A lot of the impact will come in the Q4 because we did 1101 manage 10 clear a Jot of the stock of goods in finished products ill fabric and garment where the lining turned slow. So, all of that when it gets and we get OUl' stock position down to a normal level, \VC will sec that improvement in Q4FY22. So then the margins can be a reasonable improvement in the fourth quarter right because or the current scenario. Yes, because we more or less the same margin. J do not see the big change between Q4 and Q3 in margin, but there will be better turnover overall and therefore the figures for Q4 should be slightly better than what we have had for Q3 for sure. Always we have been best in the last quarter. So last question, you do not emphasize yourself adding capacity in any or these products like fabric or garments say three years or four years down the line. We arc adding capacity in knitting. And we arc doing value-added knits in poly viscose and poly wool blends and this is where we arc making some investments but it is not huge. It will be maybe Rs.8 or Rs.IO Crorcs in this kind ofknitting and our finishing should be able to take care of it. So some additions in finishing equipment, some additions ill knitting that is about what we arc talking about. Once, we have achieved the Rs 1600 Crores turnover then we can think of a new Greenfield investment and we are expanding some capacity in our garment division. So the garment division we have restructured and we have added some more capacities because we see that the garment business will be important. And at that point we are also thinking now of making a foray into direct to consumer brands and we arc looking at some brands that we may wish to acquire. But was it envisage our larger investment and a huge timclinc for that or just your thought on that. So, at this point we are not looking at making an aggressive investment with the PL! we arc looking more at consolidating our EB1TDA margin and making sure that whatever funds we have are deployed towards making infrastructure very robust. Got it Sir. Thank you very much. Page J6 of22 "7-,-\ r~A:NSWA:RA

### 👤 February 08, 2022
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sumesh Gulcria from Green Portfolio. Please go ahead. I-j i! Sir, my question is on thejoint venture side. So last year we sold some I()!% slake 10 the Korean company, the automotive engineer company. and suddenly after that my revenue went lip from Rs 29 crorc to Rs 63 Crorcs on the ,IV. So what exactly is happening in that .JV and why exactly did we sell the 10% stake. Yes, so the 10% stake selling to colon was strategic because il allows us access to the Korean Chat BaJJ and all ofthe Korean makers. So it allowed us access to Hyundai and Kia and all ofthe molars that are being made by the Korean companies. So this is typically how the automotive industry works wherein they tend to HIVor certain companies to work with. So J think that is one or the reasons why the turnover we saw was increasing. So now we have access to some European as well as the Korean and some of the US makers on the cars. So, I think that the automotive industry the only constraint has been the supply of chips otherwise our automotive business would have grown even more and within this joint venture, we have also opened another unit now in Chcnnai. So I think there will be some growth happening but for the next 3~4 months, there arc headwinds due to chip supply. Historically this .IV has not performed that well; I mean, it was most of the years for 7~8 years, it was loss making and last year it made a PAT of around 1.53 Crores. So what exactly can we expect in two, three years will it be contributing significantly to my significant amount of revenue or PAT. Not really that significantly. We do see that it helps our capacity utilization and that is why it is important for us in a period where in this whole last two years we were struggling to usc capacity in the formal sector. This particular amount of fabric which we were producing for the automotive business at leastkept us going and it nils that capacity hole. So it is a more of an internal consumption so we arc catering it to the lV. Absolutely. My next question is on the Daman garment division plan. So. last time I read somewhere that you arc planning J{Jr some larger campus in Daman. So to bring the entire garment under aile roof. So what will happen to the Surat plant and what kind of Capcx outflow we can expect over here and what is the current status of that outflow. Page 17 of22

### 👤 Ravi Toshniwal
Sec the reason is thai, now we are consolktaung our garment business for all of tile compliances and having a factory which is compliant with all regulations when we have to service customers like UniqJo and Zara. This was the reason to shill a lot or it to the unit in Daman, And Sural will continue to be an SEZ and as fill' as the SEZ rules arc concerned if they change, it will help us if we arc able to also sell from Sural into the domestic market because sometimes the domestic demand is higher and sometimes export demand is higher and we never know which one. So, if we can have the flexibility if the SEZ rules change that will be a bonus otherwise we continue to use till' SCZ for the purposes of only export and domain as a flexible linit for both exports and domestic supply. So any, I mean, significant amount of Capex we arc doing there for the expansion. So can we quantify that the number and what is the current status or that. It is only about 10 to 15 Crores of money that has been spent in Daman and Surat, no more than that. So that is going to just allow us to get to a level where maybe we can get to 350 Crores of turnover in our garment business. So for next year financial year 2023 right. I do not know exactly if it will be achieved in 2023 or maybe it will take a little another more six months or so to be able to get the better run rate. So capacity per se if I may ask like how much capacity will be improved my total capacity under garmentdivision because of this. So what we are doing is, we will have maybe about 400,000 pants per month and we will have up to about 70,000 jackets per month. And right now our ratio ofjackets has fallen and the pants part is better in utilization so as soon as the value-addedjackets part becomes back to that 60000-70000 figures, we will sec that the EBITDA margin will significantly improve in the coming months. No Sir, actually my question was like so this 4000 and 70000. So this is my capacity so once I do that 10, 15 Crorcs Capcx in Daman so then what will be the additional capacity that I mightbe using. Not much. It wit! just increase my jacket capacity front maybe 60000 to 90000. Page 18 of22

### 👤 February 08, 2022
I have another last question if J may ask. So l.lniqlo, lara and l-l&M, you usc the word strategic partnership especially on the Uniqlo side. So what exactly docs that strategic mean and likecan you give some insight on that. What we mean is that when you are talking about these large customers \\'110 arc a billions of dollars or companies, that there Uniqlo for example has got a significant presence in India also which they have planned. We arc wanting to be adopted as their mother mill for certain products in poly wool and poly viscose. And if thai happens, we will be a global supplier to them for this product across all of the demand they may have anywhere in the world. So we are working towards that with them and trying 10 replace the Chinese products with what can come out of India. And are we doing that with Zara and j--J&M as of now because the same terminology was used for Zara and H&M also. No at this moment Uniqlo is stronger and Zara and H&M have quit in the pandemic. So we arc trying to revive the relationship after the pandemic they moved back to turkey in a way and tried to stay more closer to Europe. So, they have not yet been engaging in a active dialogue yet. We arc hoping that they will come back post this whole settling down of the third wave. And last question, any further JVs because there was talk like you will be entering into some strategic JVs with some companies in the pipeline. So any anything happening on that. No there is no plan for JVs in fact we arc quite confident now that having learnt what we have from both the French as well as the Portuguese partnerships that we have had. We understand what is required be delivering European quality and to be able to make the kind of product that the customers want and there is no significant add-on by having a .IV with a European customer we will only be giving away margin. So, we are going to continue on our own and address the customers directly and we do not see the need for the name to be European or adding another cost on that front. Okay Sir, thank you. Thanks a 101. Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rikcn Gopaul from Capri Global. Please go ahead. Page 19 of22 <,~iBANSWJ\HJ\

### 👤 February 08, 2022
Hi! Sir, thank you for the opportunity. Firstly J wanted to understand if J look at the segment-wise revenues historically. Still your revenues in fabric and ferment would be at least 30~40% lower than what you have achieved uh at the peak in the past. Now given China Plus story as well as now that the unlock has sort or achieved and the order books that you have, what visibility you have in achieving let us say fabric I think has achieved 600 Crorcs peak revenue in the past and 300 Crorcs for garment. What time frame do you think you would be able to achieve these peak numbers and surpass them going forward. We would say at the outset it will begin to happen in FY23 and by FY2,~ we should definitely surpass it. Okay. So apart from the fact that you mentioned that it is more to do with also our presence more being in the formal segment are there any other factors which have also impacted our ability to reach there, faster there and what other colton players would have SC0J1. No real other reason at all. It is just that our customers have been mainly the best of the suit people and the one who arc more in the dress up clothing and this has always been challenging in the last two years. While you did mention that you are sort of moving into the categories like casuals where there is a higher demand today. What would be the proportion today and could it be possible for you to expand that to a meaningfulnumber in the medium-term. We arc moving into more fabrics for pants with stretch and that stretch fabrics for pants and which go into chinos or into five pocket jeans. So that part is the segment which we have expanded considerably and maybe it is right /lOW around 25~30% of out' overall fabric production which used to be only maybe about 5-10% before. So this has helped us to move into a smart casual category. And I think it could go up to maybe 30-40%, but we do not intend to get out ofthe suit business we think that the suit business will come back it is just a question of time and people will be back to dressing up and getting back to work all over the world the way they used to. This is just a period which has been very unusual for the last two years in terms of the trends. Then there will be a nostalgia to going back to the suit I am sure. And for you, this segment mix within a fabric or let us say going between suits or the smart casuals, docs it change the realization or the margins in any way or is it sort of similar. Page 20 of22

### 👤 Fe/Jr//OI)J OS, 2022
The margins will not change signiflcnnrly when you arc talking about very casual clothing like knits or Tcshirts or shorts and stuff like that, there the margins arc lower. HUI as we arc talking about smart casual to dress up and suits there is not significant difference for us. Understood. I have one question on the export segment that is about LJ4<% or the revenue in the quarter. Now this also in the past has trended at 46-47% in historical data points so with the current scenario what is it that sort or could drive this number higher are you seeing any reasons for this to look at 50~50 in the next one or two years ifbecause in the past you have commented that turkey's devaluation does impact demand in some form is that causing any impact to market share or is exports a segment where you me looking forward 10 grow significantly. What is your outlook on that segment. Yes, I think the key 10 this lies in what happens in terms or the FTA's and preferential treatment that India gets all over the world as a supplier and it does not depend only on the treaties that happen, but also on the fact that strategically what Europe and what USA and what Japan and Korea want to do in terms of giving a portion of their business away from China into India as a package. Now we stand uniquely in a position where we can deliver the whole value chain right from libel' to garment in the value-added product from one company and this is there arc not many companies like us at all who are able 10 do this and all this within the geography starting From where the raw materia! is produced like say viscose is at Nagda which is like about J00 kilometers away from us. Gujarat where most of the Reliance Fiber from polyester is available and we are able to manage within II geography of400~500 kilometers, the entire supply chain and managed to reach the port. So if anybody can achieve speed and economies of scale on these kind of formal products we can and this is a significant area where India has not yet been able to grab a significant share of the world trade. \Ve see that this will happen for liS and we continue tn try and make that happen and I think the opportunity has never been better. Understood and one last question on the pricing you did mention that given that customers do appreciate the inflation you have been able to take a 5% to 7% price hike in garments and fabric. Will that sort of take care of the inflation that you continue to sec in coal and on the power and fuel cost or will this sort of help you to sort of get on to the margin trajectory that you had expected earlier. It will certainly help but not as much because at the end of the day people will pay what is nuu'ket price and not more. And if our cost of power is higher than others then it is not going to help our margin 10 that extent. We have to reduce our cost of power, we have to move away and there is no other choice on that. Page 21 of22

### 👤 ''",\ BANSWARA
i

### 👤 February 08, 2022
Understood. So this switching from the internal consumption 10 SEB consumption will he sort of complex you did mention that it docs take time but by one do you sort or on 11 base case basis expect that 10 be tully executed. I am not sure because there arc certain challenges in this location and there is the concerns of the SEB have to be addressed in terms ofthe manpower availability right 110\\' due to the pandemic and all. BUI I can give you an update again in the next meeting or I can send an update lip in the website as to what would be the situation but I think it is going to take ut least a year. Understood okay. Thank you so much. Sir. Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen due to time constraint we will take that as a last question. I would now like to hand (he conference over to Mr. Ravi Toshniwal for closing comments. Thank you and over to you, Sir. Thank you everyone. It was very interesting for me to be back again with you after whatever hiatus we had in our time when we were able to talk more regularly and I hope to be meeting with you all on the earnings call every quarter and give you the updates required. We nrc continued as a company to be improving our core competencies which arc around the kind of fabrics that in poly viscose and poly wool that provide value to customers who are looking for solutions in these areas. And this is somewhere where we will achieve 11 leadership and we have always had the highest export in these two areas from India and when somebody cernes looking to India for any of these products they will come to us and we will find them a solution which works. And while doing this we hope to be able to achieve the margin that we can get on these businesses with given the strengths India has on the raw materials and all of the cost reductions we have been able to achieve. The last two years have been really a good learning we have been able to permanently reduce certain costs and structures which has been very, very good. The pandemic has been a blessing in disguise in many ways and we look forward to the fact that it has given us the opportunity to consolidate and refocus ourselves towards future where India will have a larger role to play and we will be part of that big role for the segment that we have identified to be in. Thank you everyone. Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen on behalf of Banswara Syntex Limited that concludes this conference call. Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. Page 22 of22