
# COALINDIA - Fallback_Transcript_49

## Behavioral Analysis
✅ **[STABILITY]** No severe behavioral manipulation thresholds breached.

## Preparation
### 👤 PRE_SPEAKER_OVERFLOW_BUFFER
rlI<Tillfr 3 rrr, ir{-2, irqiri-o{ -q{r(, qta-q f -

### 👤 III,
qtriqRT-1A, tlrrcr, <v<f,., nlqtll -700156 *{o33-t rtYl\t(,h(433-11 tY(\ i. tttl : Evileanaihan2.cixDcoarirdia.in twrrs: ltw.orli nlr

### 👤 A I.h.r.tu CoaDllt
lA Govt.of ldr. Elt rprL.l

### 👤 R.gd. Ofl-rcc
3rd floor, Corc-2 PrcEis€s no-04-MAR, Plot no-AP-lll, Action Atta- tA,

### 👤 E- MAIL
dviswanathan2.ci@oelindie. in

### 👤 Sub
Transcript of Investors' meet for Launch of Closed/Discontinued Mines of CIL on Revenue Sharine Model and Coal Gasilication - Wav forward

### 👤 Dear Sir,
Further to our letter no CIL:XI@):4l5714156:2022 dated 04s May.'2022, we are enclosing transcript of Investors' meet for Launch of Closed/Discontinued Mines of CIL on Revenue Sharing Model and Coal Gasification - Way forward as Annexure A. This is for your information and records as per Regulation 46 ofSEBI (LoDR)' 2015. Yours faithfully,

### 👤 Bombay Stock Exchange Limited,
l4th Floor, P.J. Towers, Dalal Street

### 👤 Dated
12.05.2022

### 👤 Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex,
Bandra @), Mumbai - 400 051.

### 👤 Ref
ISIN - INE522F0l0l4 (M. V iswanathan/W'fr9{ram) Company SecretaryE;qft qfr{ & Compliance OfIiceilhEan{i{ otft-fi{

### 👤 Encl
As above

### 👤 Anchor
A very good morning everybody. It gives me immense delight in extending a hearty welcome to all of you especially the hon’ble ministers, and esteemed dignitaries seated on the dias along with all you invitees for the investor’s meet for launch of closed discontinued mines of Coal India limited on revenue sharing model and coal gasification way forward organized by Ministry of Coal, Government of India with coal India limited and FICCI as program partners. Ladies and Gentlemen, this event is divided into two sessions. The first one comprising stakeholders consultation will involve the launch of closed discontinued mines of CIL on revenue sharing model with the private sector. There are many mines which were discontinued and closed in the past by CIL due to several reasons and these could be reopened and productively brought into operation with the partnership of private sector. Collaboration with the private sector on revenue sharing model to produce coal from discontinued closed mines will enhance productivity, efficiency, and will be able to produce additional coal required for the demand across sectors. The second session will discuss issues related to scaling up of coal gasification with a focus on the need for a suitable business model for coal gasification to promote private investments, development of indigenous gasification technology on a commercial scale, and suitable policy provision for marketing of an indigenous product derived from coal gasification. Ladies and gentlemen, with those words and in keeping with the Indian tradition, the inauguration will be done by lighting the auspicious ceremonial lamp, and to do the honors, I invite our Chief Guest Shri Pralhad Joshi, Hon’ble Minister of Coal Mines and Parliamentary Affairs, Government of India, our Guest of Honour Shri

### 👤 Raosaheb Patil Danve, Hon’ble Minister of State for Rail, Coals and Mines, Government of India
along with Dr. A.K Jain, Secretary Ministry of Coal, Government of India. I also request Shri

### 👤 Pramod Agarwal Chairman of Coal India Ltd, Shri M. Nagaraju, Ministry of Coal, Government
of India, and Shri Jeet Adani, Vice President, Group Finance, Adani Group to please join in. Sir, please.

### 👤 Deepen Lokana Jayati, Deepastejo Mayahasmritaha, Chaturvarga Prado Deepan, Tasmad Deep
Yajetpriye. This Couple in Sanskrit translates: “The lamp is luminous, its radiance grants victory, its light imparts Dharma, Artha, Kama, and Moksha that is righteousness, prosperity, pleasure, and emancipation. This is the significance of lighting a lamp and hence a lamp should be lit. Lamp as we know is also a symbol of knowledge. Sir one group picture, please. Thank you, you may please take your seats. We will now welcome the Hon’ble guest and esteemed dignitaries with bouquets of flowers. I request Shri Pramod Agarwal, Chairman of Coal India Ltd to please offer a bouquet of flowers to our Chief Guest Shri Pralhad Joshi, Hon’ble Minister of Coal Mines and Parliamentary Affairs, Government of India. Please welcome our Guest of Honour, Shri Rao Saheb Patil Danve, Hon’ble

### 👤 Minister of State for Rail, Coals and Mines, Government of India, and Dr. A.K Jain, Secretary
Ministry of Coal, Government of India. Thank you, Mr. Agarwal. I will now request Mr. D. Veera Reddy, Director - Technical, Coal India Ltd, to please welcome Shri Pramod Agarwal, Chairman Coal India LTD, with a bouquet of flowers. Sir here. Shri M. Nagaraju, Additional Secretary

### 👤 Ministry of Coal, Government of India and Shri Jeet Adani, Vice President, Group Finance Adani
Group. Thank You, Mr. Reddy. Ladies and Gentlemen let us start the first session on the launch of closed discontinued mines of CIL on revenue sharing model. We have with us Shri Pramod

### 👤 Agarwal, Chairman Coal India Ltd. and Indian Administrative Service Officer of Madhya Pradesh
cadre 1991 batch. He is the chairman of CIL, the world’s largest coal-producing company. Prior to this, he was principal secretary of Department of Technical Education, Skill Development and Employment and Department of Labor, Government of Madhya Pradesh. He has 28 years of administrative acumen in various fields of public administration. He was also the managing director of Madhya Pradesh Finance Corporation. He previously served as chairman cum managing director of Madhya Pradesh Paschim Kshetra Vidyut Vitaran Company and also CEO of Madhya Pardesh Rural Development Authority. He holds a B. Tech in Civil Engineering from IIT Mumbai and an M. Tech in Design Engineering from IIT Delhi. I will request Shri Pramod Agarwal, Chairman of Coal India Limited for the welcome address. Sir.

### 👤 Shri Pramod Aggarwal
Mananiya Mantri ji Koyala Khan avam Parliament Affairs, Mananiya Rajya Mantri ji, Koyala Khan, Adarniya Secretary Koyala, Dr. Anil Jain, mere saathi Nagaraju, Jeet Adani ji, avam upasthiti mitro. Main aap sabka is karyakram mein tahe dil se svaagat karta hun . Main vishesh roop se svaagat karta hun mananiya mantri ji ka mananiya rajaya mantri ji ka jinhone is samay, is karyakram ke liye samay nikala aur is karyakram ko mehtvata pradan ki .Unki upasthiti is baat ko pramannit karti hai ki shasan aur Coal India is karyakram ko aur is scheme ko kitna zyada mahatva deta hai. Pichle kuch varshon mein lagbhag 200 coal mines dhire dhire uthpadan se bahar ho gayi aisa nahi tha ki sabhi mines mein koyala samapt ho gaya tha . Kai aesi mines hai jo ki coal India ke mapdand se uneconomical ho gayi ya aesi kai mines hui jinko ki us samay jo uplabdh technology thi usmein utpadan karna sambhav nahi tha. In sab ko dekhte hue aur ye dhyan rakhte hue ki ab desh ke har economic activity mein niji kshetr ko adhik manyata deni chahiye aur niji punji amntrit kar shayad desh mein efficiency aur badhai ja sakti hai. Isko dekhte hue Coal India ne is scheme ko launch kiya hai. Coal India ne pichle 2-3 saalon mein yeh pryas kiya hai ki apne contracts mein niji bhagidari ko kis prakar se badhaya jaye. Aur is mein sabse pahla prayas ye kiya gaya ki jo saal do saal ke contracts hote the inki avadhi badhakar 6 saal 7 saal tak kiya gaya. Tatpashchat ye prayas kiya gaya ki MDO mode mein 20-25 saal ke liye mines di jaye, aur ismein lagbhag 5 mines di jaa chuki hai aur ye mines badi hai inse aane wale varshon mein lagbhag 100 million ton koyala ka utpadan hoga. Iske pashchat jo band mines thi inko inse kis prakar se rashtr ko kaise lab pahunchaya jaye iske liye pryas kiya gaya aur iske liye MDO mode me isko launch kiya gaya lekin ismein jo financial modeling jo ban rahi thi jismein ki ham ye keh rahe the ki aap hame se uthpadan ka paisa le lo aur coal hame wapis de do . Usmein utna attraction nahi aa paya utna attraction nahi tha isliye ek naya model socha gaya jismein ye kaha gaya ki aap hame kitna revenue doge ye bta do baki coal aap hamare behalf mein bech lena aur market ke jo rates uper niche uska laabh usmein se le sakte hai. Aur ismein kafi logon kafi utsaah dikhaya. Iske liye hum logo ne pura document taiyar kiya aur is document ko do teen baar aap logon se charcha ho chuki hai ek baar Nagaraju ne svayam baithak li thi aur aap logon se charcha ki thi . Taatpashchaat CMPDI ne uska document bnaya aur uspar do baar CMPDI se bhi charcha ho chuki hai . Ye document aaj launch ho jayega is prakar se ye scheme aaj launch ho jayegi aur kal lagbhag 20 mines hum logo ne identify kar li hai jinka ki dossier taiyaar hai jo kal launch kar diya jayega. Kal tak sabhi websites par dal diya jaega jisme aap sab participate kar sakte hain. Ye dossier chadhane ke pashchat web par chadhane ke pashchat bhi apke pas ek moka rahega prebid conference mein yadi apke kuch vichaar hai apke kuch sujhaav hai inko incorporate karne ke liye Coal India hamesha tatpar rahega, aur is prakar se ye jo document taiyar hoga ye ek wider participation ke baad wider consultation ke baad taiyar hoga aur mujhe puri ummid hai iska labh Coal India ko niji kshetr ko rashtr ko sabse pahle rashtr ko milega . Koyala ke baare mein jo 2 saal pahle 3 saal pahle obituary likhi jaane lagi thi aur logon ne kaha tha ki coal ka samay samapt ho gya hai aaj ke din aesa lgta hai ki ye samapt nhi hua hai aur is samay koyala ki avashyakta desh ko punah pratit ho rhi hai aur aisa lag rha hai ki iska utpadan badhane ke liye jo bhi prayas kiya jaa sakta hai use hame karna chahiye, our isi disha mein ye prayas hai agar ismein 30-40 mines dheere dheere aaegi aur inke utpadakta hum vridhi kar sake tho nishchaya hi hume 20-25 million ton koyala inse prapt hone ki puri sambhavna hai, aur ye koyala kafi high grade ka hoga, aur high grade ka koyala hone ke karan iska mahatv, aur iski upyogita aane wale kafi varshon tak rahegi . Aatha aap log is karyakram mein aae iske liye main punah aap sabko dhanyawad deta hun aur is karyakram mein aap sabka svaagat karta hun. Mujhe puri ummid hai is scheme mein puri bhagidari dekhne ko milegi …. Dhanyawad Anchor - Agarwal ji svaagat sambodhan ke liye bahut shukriya. Thank you Mr. Agarwal for the enrich remarks. Ladies and gentlemen, we are glad to have with us Dr AK Jain Secretary Ministry of Coal Government of India and Indian Administrative Service Officer of the 1986 batch. He has more than 36 years of administrative experience at the policy formulation level in various ministries and departments in the state and Central Government. He has served the Ministry of Petroleum and Natural Gas as Director as well as Joint Secretary. He was also involved in policy formulation and implementation for the upstream and downstream development of the gas sector in India. He holds a BA with Hons in Economics and MBA and Indian Institute of Foreign Trade Diploma as well. He has authored several papers and articles on the energy sector as well as a book on India’s Natural Gas Policy Framework. I will request Dr AK Jain to set the tone of the session.

### 👤 Dr AK Jain – Respected Minister Shri Joshi, Respected MOS Shri Patil, CMD Coal India, Shri
Nagaraju, Shri Adani and friends. Good morning to you all. We are really encouraged to see such a large participation for this event. Unfortunately, we have always believed that coal is a much maligned sector. Earlier we were hailed as bad boys because we are promoting fossil fuels and now, we are in the news that we are not supplying enough of it. So, against this background, this is a courageous move taken by the Ministry and Coal India to offer very quickly large supplies of coal to the country as you just heard from the CMD Coal India that the potential to produce from these mines is nothing short about 100 million tons. And let me tell you this coal, mostly these mines of the underground variety and the coal quality is of high GCV, this is something which India imports from South Africa largely at a very high price. Just to give you an overview of the sector, our consumption is about a billion tonnes of coal within which around 200 million tonnes of coal is imported. Nearly one-fourth of which or 60 million tonnes is of cooking coals which are used in the steel sector, we are trying to develop these mines as well but we don’t have enough of it. Leaving that apart, about 130 million tonnes of thermal coals with high GCV and low GCV have been imported. In the last 2 years due to suppressed demand and also because of a ramp-up in domestic production, the imports of thermal coal used in the sector between financial year 21, financial 20 and 22 and the import of thermal coal for power has been brought down about 60%. So, in fact, we are very proudly preceding with the knowledge that this year by the year-end we will have enough thermal coal for the power sector. I don’t want to get into the present scenario because there are multiple reasons because we are happy that the economy is on the rebound and power is being demanded, the malls are full, restaurants are full, people are not getting flight tickets, so this is a happy sign and whatever little imbalance that has come in the power demand and supply scenario. I think especially in southern India yesterday the minister reviewed the scenario in 7 states of entire South India including Madhya Pradesh and Rajasthan and with the wind having set in things are for the better and I think it is one of the 15 days of so when full potential of the wind has been realised in South India. The power crises will be the thing of the past at least for this time. The present event as Pramod just shared some glimpses of it that over the years Coal India Subsidiaries had to close down some of their mines largely because of there was and if I may say so, there was a control on their pricing; they were bound to sell a large proportion of their production to the power sector at controlled prices and when the mines become more expensive as you know that as you go deeper they keep becoming expensive to produce they become uneconomical, so let us say if a mine was costing 2000 Rs a ton to produce the high GCV coal, Coal India shut them down. And the same coal today is priced maybe 8000 Rs - 7000 Rs a ton, so this is something which set us thinking and we came up with this policy which we are launching today giving you pricing freedom and marketing freedom. This is a very bold move on the part of Coal India so far whatever contractors they engaged either as MDO or on outsourcing bases they were all service contracts and the coal had to be returned to Coal India. So, this is a major change and I am very hopeful that Coal India perhaps I think this round is launching 20 mines in the coming 1 or 2 years that number could go up beyond a hundred. So, this is a second phase of our reform. In the first phase as you know in 2020, we amended the law; we amended the auction regime and came with commercial mining. Commercial mining was different from the previous option round because it gave people the freedom to take it to the captive plant or to market it or to export it, along with that we also liberalised the earlier regime in which the captive block holders were given the freedom to sell up to their 50% of production should they be able to meet their own demand first so these two have had a great effect on the coal scenario on the country and I might inform you that the captive coal blocks which were given since 2015 until 2020 when the commercial round came, they produced 60-63 million tons in FY-23-21 and last year they produce 90 million tonnes; this year they are likely to produce 130 and next year they are going to bring almost 300 million tonnes in the country. So, from 735 million tonnes and so which the country produced in FY-20, I am sure that this year we are looking at 900 and next year it may even go to 1 billion. So, what we are hopeful is that the story of coal which you know sometimes in excitement is written of and as Pramod said sometimes the obituary is written for India, we all believe that it’s growing economy renewables are growing, we are all supporting renewables. Coal India has a big programme to support renewable and so does newly lignite the other company in this ministry but until that tippling point comes there will be great need of necessity, there will be need of aluminium has as great prospect in India. We have huge bauxite mines and we have steel potential you are hearing everyday lots of industrial houses getting into steel so the story of coal is very much alive and I exhort upon you investors who are keen that for these coals mines of course there’s going to be a very liberalised regime because these are mines which have been operated upon, their forest clearance has already been taken so there is no forest FC clearance to be taken all of them had environment clearance and they may need to be reviewed, renewed, the ministry of environmental forest understands that they need to cut out the red tape and every day they helping us in liberalising the regime, so ECFC is not an issue, land is already in position of Coal India, mine opening permission etc, we will fast forward. So, these mines have been transporting coal to railway signing and other transportation, infrastructure, buyers were close by so I think this is a golden opportunity and the future of Coal Mining in India lies in underground mining. This round as you will notice most of the mines are of underground variety so they will harm the environment to the minimum in the years to come when there is a heighten environmental activism, we will have to go more underground to produce coal then to open them up, so this will call for some experience, some safety but we believe even that you will even if you are not from this sector, you can engage you know expert agencies, MDOs to operate these mines. So, for entry into these mines round, we will get minimum entry barriers, financial barriers, competency barriers, experience barriers are either not there or very negligent, so I call upon all of you to take look at this seriously you live in Maharashtra many of you, Nagpur WCL region, many of these mines coming from there and this is the area which can pay high prices for coal, especially high priced high-quality coal. So, I look forward to a good response from the investor community and we are open to any other recommendations and suggestions you may have during the course of this round that goes on until we close these bids, thank you very much. Anchor - Thank you Dr Jain for opening address. Ladies and Gentlemen technological advancements are offering greater coal recovery, flexibility in mining operations, increased productivity, greater safety and lowering of cost. For mining companies to remain competitive industry will require further innovative designs and technologies that improve the capability, efficiency and reliability of mining systems. Indian Coal mining companies for instance Coal India Limited has a target of achieving 1 billion tons by 2024-25. Ministry of Coal has prepared technology road map for coal sector that needs to be taken as a benchmark document for coal companies to adopt new technologies and build digital infrastructure to support current and future ramp up for mines. We will now launch the report on technology roadmap for coal sector. I request the honourable ministers and esteemed dignitaries seated on the chairs to please do us the honours. *Launching of report* Anchor - This ladies and gentlemen as you can see, is a report on the technology roadmap for the coal sector. (After a closeup view of the report) Thank you. Ladies and Gentlemen, we are happy to have Shri Manoj Kumar, Chairman Managing Director CMPDIL. He graduated in Mining Engineering from IIT BHU, Varanasi and also obtained a first-class mine manager’s certificate of competency. Started his career in the Coal Industry from Korba area of South Eastern Coalfields limited and has vast experience in field level working of both UG and OC mines. He has also administrative experience of 9 years as regional director of 3 regional institutes of CMPDIL. He was also the HOD of CBM/CMM clearinghouse of CMPDIL. Awarded the best general manager of Coal India level year 2019. Visited Poland, Australia and Kazakhstan in an official capacity and as exposure to global mining practices. Time now for showcase opportunities in the offered mines by Shri Manoj Kumar, Chairman and Management Director CMBDIL. Sir. Shri Manoj Kumar- Very Good Morning to you all. After setting the tone for the session by the Chairman sir and Secretary sir here are some glimpses for the discontinued mines in phase one to be offered or going to be offered. These are the glimpses for the discontinued mines for going to be offered in phase one. *Presentation* Substituted by distribution basically in first phase we are going to offer 20 mines in different subsidiaries - ECL 4, BCCL 5, CCL 2, WCL 5, SECL 4, Total 20. Incidentally, all the mines are of coking coal grade or good non-coking coal grade and investors or prospective bidders can plan in different sizes of mine. A basic parameter, the main parameter is the resources and capacity or expected users in which all may be interested. So, we have basic in this information we have taken the geological resource of the offered area as per geological report extracted reserves, tentatively estimated was by assuming or studying possible extraction areas and geological complexities etc. These minimum estimated accepted reserves or on conservative side may change as per the technology adopted. As now mine wise or company-wise ECL first identified mine is Moira, area is 4.55 square km, geological resource 91-million-ton, minimum extractability are 13.92 and grade of coal is from G1 to G8. This mine has been discontinued from 2017 and for the latest EC it was in under the Bankola area cluster EC capacity which as 7.7 MTY EC capacity and the last released grade at the time of discontinuous was G4. Next, from ECL is Chinakpuri area 17.62 basically specific GR is not available for that particular area which is going to be offered and this area constitute multiple GRs or parts of multiple GRs, all GRs will be uploaded with the tender document, minimum respectable as per estimations is around 20 million tons with the semi-cooking coal grade 2 and G4, 2014 is that discontinuance here. The latest capacity as per Chinakpuri in this area 17-point square to 2 minus were under operation Chinakpuri 1 and 3 with a combined EC capacity of 0.28 and the grade was semi-cooking coal 2. Madhdujore area 5.47 geological resource, 225 minimum election quite high minimum acceptable results 40.9 up to seam 6 from seam 1 to seam 5 below seam 6 but we have calculated till now only up to seam 6 only and grade of coal is G1 to G8 up to G 10 up to R6. 2005 mein discontinue hua tha and it is also under the cluster capacity of 7.70. Kajora Area cluster grade was G3. Gopinath Shampur area 6.48 geological resource 379 MT, minimum extractable reserve 13.64, average grade washery 4 to washery 6 and some seams of non-cooking grade also with G12 grade. 2007 is the discontinuance year, capacity by 0.2 MTY as per the latest EC and the grade was released last washery grade to washery 4. Now coming to BCCL, first is Madhuband area 3.93 Sq. km., geological reserve 137.08 MT, minimum extractable 52.90-million-ton, average grade steel 22 washery 4, year of discontinuous 2010 capacity, 0.147-million-ton grade steel grade 2. Amlabad 3.86 square km with geological reserve 164-883 MT, minimum extractable around 16.5 million ton with steel grade 2 to washery 5 grade, it was discontinued in 2008 and with a capacity of 2.29 MTY actually, Amlabad is 0 means of capacity has been revised after 2008 discontinuous that’s why in the cluster this capacity is being shown as 0. The released grade at the time of discontinuous was washery 2. Loyabad area 4.89 sq.km., geological reserve around 243.61 MT, minimum extractable 78-million-ton, average grade W-1 to W-4, with some non- cooking grade G-5 to G-7, year of discontinuous 2009, capacity of latest EC 6.3 MT and in the cluster but this is the EC after 2009 when Loyabad was discontinued. Grade at the time of discontinuation washery grade 3. Kharkhare, another area 5.84. Geological reserve 415.46 MT. Minimum extractable 46.47 MT. And again W-1 the same are W-1 to W-5 and not cooking to G-5 to G-10. It was discontinued in 2014 with EC capacity 0.12 MTY. Grade at the time of discontinuation was regretful. And CCL small area 1.39 sq km. with geological reserve 57.60 MT. minimum extractable reserve are quite considerable 14.33 MT with average grade of G7. It was discontinued in 2012. It was a very old mine, no ACs available but mine was running at CTO, and at the production level 93 94 with 0.05 MT. Grade at the time of discontinuation was G7. Khas Karanpura, again a small area with 2.5 sq km. Its 76.63 MT. Minimum extractable is 4.23MT, with average grade of G7 and this is the same story, at the same level of 93-94 production, it was producing at the time of discontinuance and 99 at 0.20 MTY, and grade was G7. WCL, Rajur Pits area is 7.42 sq.km. net geological reserves 91.78 MT, extractable reserves is 18.13 extractable, average grade G7-G11. In 2004 it was discontinued with easy capacity of 0.21 MTY at a grade of G7. Wirpur, area 2.62sq. km., net geological reserves 37.5 MT, extractable reserves is estimated as 3.15 MT with a grade of G5 to G11. In 1999 it was discontinued with easy capacity of 0.32 at average grade G7. An incline, area of 1.93 sq. km, it is specific GR is not available means it is in a larger block, part of a specific block GR and Silewara block for this area was reserve has not estimated geologically, but as per the study minimum extractable reserve is 6.55 MT, with average grade of G5- G11. It was discontinued in 2018. EC was combined with Walni and Sileware with a latest capacity of 0.8 MTY with G8 to G9 grade of core. Pipla, 1.90 sq km. Same case, it is in a part of a full GR. 3.71 is an extractable reserve with average grade of G7 to G12. it was discontinued in 2016 with 0.25 EC capacity and G-5 to G-7 average grade. Walni with an area of 2.73 sq. km. again it is a part of Silewara block with 8.99 MT estimated extractable reserves grade C to E. It was discontinued in 2000, with EC capacity of 0.8 MTY including Silewara and AB incline. The grade at the time of discontinuance was G-8 to G-9. Coming to SECL Bartunga Hill in Chirmiri area was 4.74 sq km with geological reserves of 29.96 MT, minimum extractable reserve around 20 MT, average grade of coal AB Long flame is or some seam is G-8. It was discontinued in 2010. Its capacity including Anjan Hill was 1.4 MTY with G8 grade. Anjan Hill, with 2.11 sq km with 16.07 MT of geological resource now extractable remaining of 6.43 MT. It has an average grade from B grade long flame, with G4 G5 in different scenes. 2010 was the discontinued year, same 1.4MT including Bartunga Hill was the latest EC capacity, with the grade of discontinued G4 to G5. Kalyani mine, is 3.76 sq km. It is a part of full GR, this area minimum extractable reserve is around 2 MT. Average grade from G5 to G7. It was discontinued in the year 2016 with EC capacity of 0.87 MTY G4 grade core. Birsinghpur with area 2.77 sq. km. Geological resources of 22.51 MT and the minimum extractable reserves was estimated around 3.46 MT with average grade of G-6. It was continued in 2016. It was running on CTO with 0.20 MTY capacity. Grade at the time was G-6.

### 👤 Anchor
Thank You Sir! Ladies and Gentlemen we will now play a film on close discontinued mines of CIL on revenue sharing model. Kindly take a look at the screen.

### 👤 Anchor
So those ladies and gentlemen were some major highlights in a nutshell and now a few words about Shri M Nagaraju Additional Secretary Ministry of Coal Government of India. An IAS officer belonging to the Tripura Cadre in the state government, he served at various position at the center. Previously he served in the Ministry of Finance, Department of Economic Affairs and as an adviser to the Executive Director to the World Bank in Washington DC till the year 2012. He was a visiting fellow at the University of Pennsylvania USA and also a visiting research scholar in Stonehill college. He is currently serving in the Ministry of Coal since 30th January 2020. Shri M Nagaraju Additional Secretary Ministry of Coal Government of India will put forth the revenue sharing model.

### 👤 Shri M Nagaraju
Good morning, Dear friends, Hon'ble Ministers Shri Pralhad Joshi ji, Shri Raosahib Patil Danve ji and Secretary Coal Dr Anil Kumar Jain, my colleague Shri Pramod

### 👤 Agarwal Chairman Coal India, Mr. Jeet Adani, Mr. Thomas Cherian .D, Essel Mining Industries,
Mr. Vinay Prakash, Director, Adani Enterprises and Mr. Srikanth, CEO of Vedanta limited and the other industry leaders, the media, CIL and NLCL, Senior officers, Ladies and gentlemen and very good morning to all of you. I think today one of the important idea that the ministry has been throwing for some time during this year has become a reality with the great support of the chairman Coal India and also the Director Technical and CMPDIL. In fact, never before we have the Coal Ministry or CIL are able to take this momentous decision to partner the private sector to bring efficiencies and also to ensure the discontinued abundant minds are put to good and national use especially in these times. This is a good initiative for us and also for the country. I am not making a presentation on the terms and conditions of this but I thought, I’ll speak so that there will be more attention now coming to the modality now we have mentioned these discontinued and abundant mines are of various times it is mentioned in the presentation. Mostly they were discontinued because they were financially unviable for the CIL but may not be for the private sector and for others over a period of time a lot of them. So, the modalities that these mines will be handed over the winning bidder including infrastructure built without any additional cost to the bidder, the mine operator will reopen, develop, operate and produce the coal and sell it for a minimum period of 25 years or till the end of the mine life. He can actually extract entire reserve that are available, even though we have mentioned acceptable results little less because not the technology has been changed and it could be more also. So, it can be for the life of the minor completely and he is free to adopt any kind of mining method it could be as per and deploy any kind of technology and missionary to operate the mine. There are no restrictions on the bidder on this aspect. He also will have freedom to sell the produced coal at the market driven price through transparent mechanism on behalf of the CIL. He can’t sell it to his own related parties. So, it has to be transparently based at on behalf of the CIL and this realised revenue will be in escrow account, the escrow account will be jointly operated and the revenue share will be given to the CIL. The rest will be kept by him. The revenue share whatever will be the winning bid, they will be shared to the CIL rest the main operator will keep it and main operator will be declared as owner of the mine for the purpose of the mines act 1952. However, the CIL and its subsidiary companies will continue and shall remain as owner for all other practical purposes. So, the bidding process we have emphasized is two bid process - one is the bidders shall quote proposed production schedule and also percentage revenue to be shared with the authority. Minimum we have kept is 4% like the coal mines we are auctioning in the commercial mining that also been captured four percent here, the successful bidder has to have it SPV or to promote an SPV to bid this so that the accounts the process everything is clearer. Then coming to the responsibility of the mine operator, he has to undertake the required exploration, further exploration and also can prepare further GR if required, no restrictions, but we have a GR already prepared, exploration data also, preparation approval mining plan and DPR and RRN Plan, procurement of all applicable permits and clearances including EC and FC, many of these have EC’s when discontinued, maybe it is required to be rewritten, acquisition and physical position of the land that has to be done, undertaking of all R and R activities as per approved R and R plan and financing, reopen and reconstruction and development on the mine. It means that another point is you will not be the miner operator, you will not have liability for the past liability also, that has been made very clear in the bidding document, this was one of the industry demand when we had consultation. We had a consultation that you should be settled with the past liabilities and any other things so it has to be operated and maintained with the proper safety conditions as per the mines act and he is responsible of the appointment of agent manager and other statutory man power required as per the mines act, employment should be suitably qualified and skilled persons for the skills project for the payment of the HPC wages and performance of all the activities as per mine closure and the mines act any other good industry practice for coal mining that has to be practised. Now the responsibility of CIL is to submit the application of the mining plan, notification for land acquisition QR, EC, FC as prepared by the mine operator, all land already acquired earlier that will be available to the mine operator as free of cost at no additional cost, appointment of engineering chief and essential manpower required for oversight responsibilities and sales billing and related statutory compliances. Now this is the first stage the ministry and CIL decided to offer these 20 mines. We have many more as stated by the chairman and the secretary coal. We have many more mines which the Coal India is doing the due diligence to identify the mines which can be offered, there are many mines which they don’t have acceptable results at all and so the mines that are offered are doing due diligence and in course of time will be coming out with after completion of this round and seeing the response of the industry you may come out in the future also. So, these are the broad terms and conditions of the bidding process that we have proposed with these, we have on which is launched formally all these conditions are available online and industry also will be considered if there are any changes required, I think CIL will certainly take look at it and if required it will make changes also, with these words I thank you again for coming here and hearing us and I wish you the very best for the industry to participate and to partner Government of India to bring back this discontinued mines into production at least during this year… Thank you so much.

### 👤 Anchor
Thank you sir this engagement will certainly deepen the private investment in coal industry. Ladies and gentlemen a quick intro of Jeet Adani, Vice President Group Finance Adani group. He joined the Adani Group in 2019 after attending the University of Pennsylvania school of Engineering and applied sciences, started his career in the group CFO’s office looking at capital finance, capital markets and risk and governance policy. This role involves working with all the listed verticals of the Adani group. He also spearheads the Adani Airport. as well as the Adani digital labs which is all set to build super app to cater to all the consumers of Adani group businesses.

### 👤 Shri Jeet Adani
Good Morning, everyone ‘respected Minister Sir, Minister of State Sir, respected CMD Coal India respective AK Jain Sir and Nagaraju Sir, thank you for giving us the opportunity to come and interact with you in this session. We as at Adani truly believe this initiative on launching the closed and discontinued mines of CIIL is a very very welcome initiative by the industry, the way this will allow from both creating synergies between CIL and the private sector, increasing the production of coal and availability of coal in the country is going to be the landmark in the first phase and we look forward to further phases and further progress in this model. Sir, we at Adani, we are truly echoing your words in terms of your know how the energy sector is now while the renewable power is growing and there is a lots of focus now on ESG. We believe that for the medium term coal will still continue to be the base load and the backbone of the economy and in this regard we are excited to partner with Coal India in this initiative, Sir’ we at Adani are very responsible and technology focussed, the promise we can make you know in this initiative and we partner without we will have full focus in terms of sustainability full focus in terms of maintaining the environment and the safety of the mines and you know like you said Sir in creating this opportunity or opening up the closed mines the amount of employment that will be created and the amount of social good that we do for the local economy is going to be a big success with that being Sir we are very excited to partner with Coal India and we welcome this move by the Government. Thank you sir.

### 👤 Anchor
Thank you so much for those words. Ladies and gentlemen, we have some eminent industry captains with us this morning, let us hear from them; beginning with Shri Thomas Cherian, Managing Director, Essel Mining and Industries Limited. He is a mining engineer with management education and internationally experience business leader with expertise in mining value chain, supply chain systems and project management with competencies in strategic planning, new business development, stakeholder and community engagement over three decades. Prior to joining the Aditya Birla Group earlier he was MD of Tata Steel Mining Limited the TSML. He started his professional career with Tata Steel covering operations projects strategies. I will invite Shri Thomas Cherian, Managing Director, Essel Mining and Industries Limited. Sir.

### 👤 Shri Thomas Cherian
Good morning, everyone ‘honorable Ministers, dignitaries on the dias, industries leaders, delegates attending this investor and members of the media, thank you for this opportunity, it’s a privilege for us to being here, in this very special day when a very new initiative is being taken by the Ministry of coal and Coal India Limited. Essel mining is very proud to be a partner of Coal India already, we contribute to about 7% of Coal India production as a MDO partner, but I think it’s a very welcome start which we are doing today. I think, I don't intend to make a presentation but just put a few thoughts so that everybody can see the details are being shared with us and I think it’s a very good initiative which will open up new opportunity for the private sector and also I would call it a win win-win opportunity in this situation - the coal needs are desperate in this current moment and going forward. With this, the additional production and the partner who is coming in, is also an opportunity to bring in new technology and also develop these areas around the mine as a responsible citizen. Looking at the major benefits I think it definitely improves the efficiencies and brings in productivity and new technology option that we can bring it easily. Beyond the mine development operations model it also allows the revenue shares which is a welcome move because most of the time when market goes up and down, the mine operator is just a producing agency getting the mine operating fees here. We are more than that working as a partner with Coal India and the subsidiaries for developing and deploying and finally having the commercial rights for selling the Coal, I would also think that the pre existing liabilities have been removed from the new partner, that is a very welcome move which will make clear for us to start a new chapter and it will help us to develop this mine in a systematic and a scientific manner and I would also expect that the final mine closure could be done because this mines was discontinued due to different reasons and different conditions and could possibly not have been closed properly which could now be closed after extracting the maximum possible resources available in the mines. Just to bring a point on the risks associated as these mines seen in the presentation, most of the mines have been closed for many many years and undergone mines as we all know have several unkowns and complexities associated with it. So, I would say CMPDIL and Coal India subsidiaries could help us with all the available information which will help us to assist to the best of our abilities and then I would also expect deployment of some of the new technologies for even doing it with due diligence. For mines closed from 10 years, a lot of things would have changed there. It’s not the same situation so we need to use may be under water drones and different other methods to understand what strata conditions exists, what kind of gassiness and other risk associated so that we can plan it in a proactive manner, and finally I would also say that the partner who has the capability should come in it should be more on a competency driven process rather than a competitive process. Finally one other thing I would request to consider is while we have seen the EC and FC capacities at the time of closure of the mines, the current situation may demand a different EC levels and I am sure as Mr. Nagaraju mentioned, it will be facilitated as we are already seeing a great amount of support in the commercial coal mines, which we operate, which we are developing and that the EC may have to be tweaked accordingly so that we get the right production level and it does not become a burden on us if there is a high EC levels before and approvals etc I’m sure the kind of support which the minister personally is here, there would not be much of an issue, possibly the revenue model should be simplified so that there is something left for the operator even when the market conditions are not so favorable. I think this is what I have to say and I really thank for the opportunity given to us to speak in this occasion and all of us are eagerly waiting for participating and making it a great success. Thank you so much.

### 👤 Anchor
Thank you, Mr. Cherian, Shri Vinay Prakash, Director Adani Enterprises and CEO Natural Resources has nurtured the natural business of the Adani groups since its inception and overseas diversification and expansion in India and abroad. Under his leadership, natural resources business has won several awards for its commitment towards the environment community engagement sustainability, safety and CSR. He holds a B-tech Mechanical, a PG Diploma in Operations Material Management and MBA in Finance and also pursuing PHD from the Indian Institute of technology (Indian School of Mines) on sustainable mining practices. Shri Vinay Prakash is the Director of Adani enterprises and Chief Executive Officer Natural Resources.

### 👤 Shri Vinay Prakash
Hon'ble Minister Joshi ji, Hon'ble Minister Rao ji, Secretary Coal Shri A.K Jain ji, Nagaraju ji, Chairman Coal India Pramod ji, all dignitaries ladies and gentlemen. In-fact, it has been 25th year of mine being in this coal trade and as Secretary Sir is rightly saying that we has been hearing all the bad thing about coal and it’s not being there for more than a decade, whenever we have started discussion on that, what we have realised now is that coal is going to be there for decades to come, what we need is to have responsible mining of coal and the use of coal and that’s why seeing this type of initiative where we are discussing about opening, unused and closed and discontinued mines, it shows that there is a commitment to see that we get right value of every asset there in the country and to use it in a proper manner and in a responsible manner. We are inviting the private sector to come and what the moves are starting from MDO where private sector is working as a contractor, getting into commercial mine the private sector was working as the owner and a real public and private relationship, where coal India and private sector are going to work together to start a mine to get a value from the mine which is closed and coming out with state of technology and state of art technology to start this mine and also to create employment .In Adani group we have now 17 mines, out of which are 9 mines are there in MDO and 8 in commercial mine. We have mined 27 MT last year and we will be adding 50 MT in the target of secretary coal in this financial year and we are committed to take it to 100 MT in next two years time. Not only we are investing in mining, we are also making sure that we are doing lots of community engagement there. We invest in infrastructure, we invest in railway, we invest in silo loading to make sure that wherever we are investing money in mining it comes with a responsible way of doing the activities. Since Jeet has already spoken I am not going to take more time but just give you a commitment from Adani Group considering that we are responsible corporate, as a corporate we will be investing in this initiative also, you have heard Jeet who is 24 so considering that coal is going to be there for 30 years and these investments are going to be there for a longer period. There is commitment from our sides for 30 years where Jeet being here as a leader to continue this for decades to come. Thank you.

### 👤 Anchor
We have with us Shri V Srikanth, Chief Executive Officer, Mines, Vedanta Limited. He graduated from the National Institute of Technology Rourkela, worked extensively in coal, limestone, iron ore and bauxite mine for 33 years. Apart from operating mines, he lead teams in several greenfield and brownfield mining and cement projects, did a short term management program from the Wharton School of Business of Pennsylvania University and is currently responsible for coal and bauxite mines of Vedanta Aluminium.

### 👤 Shri V Srikanth
Very good morning to all of you, Hon'ble ministers, dignitaries under the dias, industry leaders, delegates and media partners. Warm greeting to all of you. I would pass on a special thanks for this path breaking initiative by Coal India. First, I wish to congratulate Coal India for achieving record production surpassing all their previous bests and this was possible only because of their concerted efforts and fine support from ministry of coal which has been truly enabling and leading the ease of doing business. I’m sure that is something other ministries and departments can further stimulate and the previous tranches of coal auctions has been successful. I’m sure that this particular initiative of auctioning the closed abandoned mines will also be grand success. This will not only unlock the sterilized coal, but also it is going to generate huge employment. The progressive initiative is going to lead the country in the way the mineral rich countries like Brazil, Canada, Australia, South Africa have been creating wealth and generating employment much in same way this initiative will also lead to that. We have made significant progress in the recent years with the increasing energy demand. This initiative is definitely going to help us for example we are consuming close to 40 MT of coal in Vedanta each year and we can feel the pinch of it in the last of one and a half and two years and coal is going to remain the prime energy source and will continue to be for the next at least 15 20 years in the energy basket of our country and increasing our domestic production is definitely going to bring down our import bill of close to 25 billion US dollar and this will also enable us to achieve 1 BT production target. So, with this we have been hearing the initiative the way it is all going to take shape from the industry side and especially from Vedanta side I’m sure this initiative is going to be a grand success and we will all participate and ensure this also is a success. Without taking much time, I wish this initiative will become a success and you will all enjoy this session. Thank you so much.

### 👤 ANCHOR
Thank very much sir, ladies and gentlemen we are privileged to have with us as the guest of honor Shri Raosaheb Patil Danve, Hon’ble Minister of State for Rail, Coal and Mines, Government of India. Danve ji got re-elected to the 17th Lok Sabha for the consecutive 5th term in 2019. He has held leadership positions at all levels of politics in India beginning 1976. He is known as a leader with rural roots, he previously served as union minister of State in Ministry of Consumer Affairs, Food and Public Distributions between May 2019 to July 2021. He holds special interest in sectors like agriculture cooperative and rural development. I invite Shri Raosaheb Patil Danve, Hon’ble minister of State for Rail, Coal and Mines, Government of India.

### 👤 Shri Raosaheb Patil Danve
Aaj ke karyakram ke pramukh atithi, hamare Kendriya Mantri Pralhad Joshi ji, hamare koyala mantralaya ke sachiv, Dr. Anil Kumar Jain ji, CIL ke adhayaksh Pramod Kumar Aggarwal ji, hamare Additional Secretary, Nagaraju ji, Adani group ke Jeet Adani ji, coal mantralaya ke sabhi adhikarigan, upasthit deviyon aur sajano. Aaj CIL ki band aur discontinue khadano ki shubharambh ke karyakram mein upasthit sbhi ka main pahle suvagat karta hun. Aur apne desh ke Pradhanmantri Narender Modi ji ke netritva mein Bharat Sarkar ne desh ke koyala kshetr ke vikas ke liye jo kai kadam uthaye hai, jo ki commercial koyala khadanon ki nilami ki safalta ke baad, sarkar ne CIL ki band padi khadano ko prachar karne ki pahal ki hai, jiska udeshya desh mein coal ki lagatar badhti mang ko pura karna hai. Samay ke saath niji kshetr ke saath revenue bhagidari ke aadhar par aesi kai aur khadano ki peshkar par vichar kar rahi hai. Mujhe pura vishvas hai ki in upayon ki is kshetr mein bhari nivesh akarshit karne mein maddat milegi aur iske saath hi private aur sarkari sahyog ke role model ke roop mein bhi badhava milega. koyala, bijli utpadan tatha udyog ke vistar mein ahem bhumika nibhata hai. Tatha desh ke urjaa mishran se sabse bada indhan bhi hai. Mitro ye garv ki baat hai ki bharat ke pas duniya ka panchava sabse bada koyala bandhar hai. Fir bhi hame coal aayat karna padta hai. Sarkar desh par mehngai aayat ka bojh halaka karne ke liye koyala ke aayat ko kam se kam karne ki yojna bna rahi hai. Is karan sarkar ka lakshay gharelu koyala utpadan ko 23-24 tak 1.2 billion MT tak badhana hai. Ismein CIL ke saath saath sabhi ka yogdaan bhi zaruri hai. Mujhe khushi hai ki hamara mantralaya niji kshetr ke sahyog se band padi khadano ko fir se shuru karne ki yojana bana raha hai. Ye hamare Pradhanmantri Narendra Modi ji ke Atmanirbhar Bharat ki aur shashvat kadam hai. Ye pahal is kshetr mein atyaadhunik technology upyog ko bhi badhava degi . Mitro mujhe pura vishvas hai ki mantralaya ke prayason ko niji kshetr dwara upayukt roop se samarthan diya jayega, jisse aarthik vikas ko badhava dene ke saath hi desh ki urjaa suraksha sunischit karne ka lakshay bhi prapt hoga . Dhanyawad.

### 👤 Anchor
Aaj ke is ahem avsar par apne upasthit sabhi ko sambodhit karte hue apne anmol vichar samne rakhe. Bahut bahut shukriya. Ladies and gentleman we are fortunate to have with as the

### 👤 Chief Guest Shri Pralhad Joshi, Hon’ble Minister of Coal Mines and Parliamentary Affairs,
Government of India. He is also the member of 17th Lok Sabha from Dharwad lok sabha constituency. Earlier he served as Karnataka State President of the Bhartiya Janta Party. He was BJP’s Dharwad district President and presently he is General Secretary in the Karnataka state unit of the party. Owing to his massive public connect and distinct leadership skills he got elected as a member of parliament in the Dharwad constituency in 2014. With a thumping majority reelected in 2009, 2014 and again in 2019 for the fourth consecutive time. He pioneered the launch of commercial mining of coal and introduced progressive mineral reforms. I request you sir to initially launch the close discontinued mines of CIL on revenue sharing model by pressing the button on the clicker. Moments to be treasured and now I’ll invite honorable minister to address gathering on this significant occasion.

### 👤 Shri Shri Raosaheb Patil Danve, MOS Coal, Mines and Railways, Shri Anil
Kumar Jain, Secretary of Coal, Shri Pramod Agarwal, Chairman of Coal India, Shri Nagaraju ji, Shri Jeet Adani ji, aur industry leaders jo apne nimantran se jo aaye hue hai main apka hirdya se abhar vyakt karta hun, aapka suvagat karta hu. When we made a statement in 2019, when A K Jain joined ministry then we together we had a discussion that commercial coal mine launch karenge, aise hamne charcha shuru ki. Tho tab bhi bahut hurdle tha, tho bahut koshish karne ke bavjud bhi isse pahle hua nahi tha, aur is bar bhi do tarah ka charcha shuru ho gaya, ek tho ye hoga nahi, hai na Anil ji, ye hoga nahi, aur jisme hamne gasification ke liye 50% and early production ke liye sab karne ke baad, tho bahut log bolte the ye hoga nahi, aur dusre log jab maine iska pahle he tweet kar diya tho apko agar yaad hai Anil ji hamne is par charcha bhi ki thi, ispe bahut log bolte the ki coal khatm he ho raha hai koi use hi nahi kar raha hai, tho ye sab kyun kar rahe hai koun aaega investment ke liye. Ye charcha bhi shuru ho gayi thi jaise Pramod Agarwal ji ne kaha iska shradhanjali dena nirnnay kar diya tha. Lekin fact of the matter aisa nahi hai. Maine tab bhi bola tha commercial coal launching mein Mananiya Pradhan Mantri ji bhi bole the. aur kai kai occasion par you can see my statement I had made it my statement very clear that coal will be required, only thing is how to balance environment, paryavaran ke kaise hum balance kare aur uska bhi khyal kaise kare. Aur hamara energy need ka bhi pura kaise kare that was challenge before us and we are doing it. And very responsible coal mining in India coal India also and other private partner jo hamare saath aaj khade hue hai, hamara MDO hai sb milke main garv ke saath ye kah sakta hun ki hum responsible coal mining aaj ke din me hum kar rahe hai. Kitna planting kiya hai abhi total around, zyada hua ji, chaudhaso hector mein jo humko banding ke, 2800 Hector mein per year hamne plantation kiya hai, jo mine ka paani hai use portable karke upyog karna shuru kar diya hai. Aur DMF karke jahan mining se thoda kuch effect hota hai. DMF fund mein humne wahi district mein logon ko kalyankari yojana jari karne ke liye hamne shuru kiya hai. Iske alava bhi jo kuch bhi paryavarann banaye rakhne ke liye manniya Pradhan Mantri ji ka jo international commitment bhi hai … hum logon pe bhi kahte rahte hai. We are following in letter and spirit. Ispe ye kahte hue mujhe kahne mein koi sankoch nahi hai ki aane wale dino mein in coming days as of now today we are generating around 4.3 billion units per day ., 4.3 or 4.4 …. Aap jaante ho kyunki hum to aap logon se he charcha karke samjh lete hai, hum jab policy banate hai tho apse hi charcha karte hai. Aapse samjhane ki koshish karte hai. Thoda kuch jo humko paper vaghera milta hai padhne ka koshish karte hai. Officer logon ke saath charcha karte hai lekin aap jo hai aap field mein hai you know better than me. What is going on in the world and what is going on in India also. Jo log shradhanjali de rahe the coal ko aaj sabhi log humko bol rahe hai coal ka supply karo coal supply karo coal supply karo. I am not telling they are wrong .. I am not going into that debate … but that question is we need that, we should understand this and also need is going more, I is going to be doubled because Jaise aap sab jaante ho ki today hamara jo yatayat hota hai transportation hota hai, movement hota hai, vehicular movement hota hai, hamara trains ka movement hota hai, ismein diesel zyada use hota hai aaj bhi, rail mein zyada diesel use hota hai aaj bhi, lekin itni badi matra mein electrification mananiya Modi ji ke netritav mein ho raha hai, and where from where will you bring this electricity, jahan tak total electricity generation aaj ke din 21-22 mein 1490 billion units hua hai, coal based usmein 1107 hua hai, coal required put all around estimate is baar jo hua hai 700 MT hua hai, aur jitna hum abhi badha rahe hai, jis ghar ko electricity tha Modi sahab ne usko dhundh dhundh ke pakad pakad ke unhe electricity diya hai. Kamse kam ek do fan light aur bhagwan ke ashirvad se aur Modi ji ke athak prayas se economy bhi improve ho raha hai. Iske karan ek fan do fan ek adh light aur pahle jab hum dekhte the hum jab paani garam karne ke liye kya kya karte the, aaj sabhi ek dam bahut chote se chote ghar mein electric geyser lagta hai. Cooking is also majority is going change towards the electricity and estimate is by 2040 the requirement will be doubled, the need will be doubled, jo hamara Anil Jain hi ismein he PhD kiya hai to correct hai naa sahab. Tho he is PhD in our sector, energy sector. Main unko bhi puchta rehta hun ki kya hoga Anil ji, wo bhi kehte hai sir requirement bahut badega, aur sahyog se hamara secretary additional secretary sab log jo hai bahut studied log hai, Nagaraju ji ke bare mein apne suna abhi tho ye sab research karke mujhe bhi bolte rahte hai jo humko bhi thoda kuch milta hai paper aur industry leader se jab milte haim jab baat karte rahte hai, bahut badi matra mein electricity ka requirement humko hone wala hai. Tho kaha se layenge, tho thik hai Pradhanamntri ji ka direction hai hum sab logon ko, aur Pradhanamntri ji jo bhi bolte hai wo soch samjhkar, unka naya naya idea rehta hai manaiya Modi sahab ka. Tho renewable me jo humne target kiya hai wo achieve karne ke bavjud bhi humko coal requirement bahut hone wala hai, isliye Pradhanamntri ji humko direction bhi diya hai ki coal gasification, iska charcha hum iske baad karenge. Tho isiliye hamara abhi dhyan hai hamara target hai, humko jitna coal requirement desh ke liye hai utna kaise bhi karke nikalna hai, we have to bring out. PM sahab ne mujhe ek baar kaha jab main mantri bana dekho Pralhad bhai agar hum oil import karte hai to main samjhta hun, agar hum coal import karte hai, aur wo bhi thermal coal import karte hai to ye paap hai. Aise Pradhanamntri ji ne kaha hai, tab se wo humko guidance dete he rehte the. Jab hum commercial coal mine launch karne jaa rahe the tho uske baad kuch guidance ke liye mananiya Pradhanamntri ji ke pas gaye the, tab unhone mujhe ek chiz kaha, aap coal India chairman se baat karo kitne unke paas aise khali jameen jiske ander koyala hai, aur adha use kiya hai aur bich mein kis ne kisi karan se band hua hai, main aur anil ji milkar gaye the, If you remember woh ek chote se kamre mein hamara meeting hua, tab unhone kaha aap Pramod Agarwal ji se puchiye kitna abandoned mines, kitna discontinued mines hai. Maine bola innocently maine bola sahab ye discontinued mines kaise hum use karte hai, unhone bola wo hume kisi na kisi karan, kyunki PSU ka apne aap constraint rehta hai. Unse baat karo ye aap shuruvaat karo firse shuruvaat karo private PP model mein, ismein bhi apko kamse kam bahut badi matra mein aapko milega, aur jab hamne ye 20 million, 20 mine jo abhi shuru kiya hai, launching abhi humne kiya hai, attractable result approximately 380 MT. Aur ismein agar 10-15% aate hai to 30-40 MT humko mil jaata hai. Aur hamara aaj ke jo bahut badi matra mein shor sharaaba ho raha hai Coal India par bhi bahut dabab hai, hum daily kam se kam 2-3 meeting ham Coal India chairman aur subsidiary chairman aur Anil ji aur Nagaraju ji milkar karte he rehte hai. What is the total gap today, around 15-18 MT, Correct naa, 25 approximately thik hai, Tho aaj to peak created, bahut peak chal raha hai jitna electricity ka demand aaj hai utna kabhi bhi nhi tha jitna heat aaj hai, suraj ka prabhav itna kabhi bhi nhi tha 122 years ka itihas hai ye, itna zyada tho kabhi bhi nahi hua tha. Tho is time hamara 25 MT gap hai aese Pramod ji mujhe bta rahe hai. Tho ismein agar hum ismein agar commercial coal mining already launch hua hai, usse hum agar 30-40 MT nikalte hai agar to do teen varsh to problem nhi rahega lekin aage ke liye sochke ye commercial coal mining aur abandoned coal mines jo hai, I think they are more one hundred ton after this that also we are going to bring for the on partnership basis, ismein main ye nahi kahta hun ki ye sab MDO model mein aur ismein bhi 50% gasification jo hum commercial mining mein diya ismein bhi lagu hoga, Ismein agar nahi hai tho karna padega, agar koi bhi gasification ke liye coal use karte hai to 50% jo discount milega wo discount ismein bhi milega, revenue sharing mein, Anil ji agar iska nahi hai tho karna padega iska. Tho gasification is comparatively environmentally safe, jo Pradhanamntri ka iccha hai usko Pradhanamntri ji ka jo commitment hai to iske liye hum to ismein bhi ham 50% mananiya Pradhanamntri ji ke nirdesh par hi dene ka hamne nirnnay kar lenge, aur ye jo condition lagaye hai ismein bhi agar kuch apke saath charcha karke zarurat hai to hum badalav karne ke liye bhi taiyaar hai, lekin hum sab milke jo thermal coal import ho raha hai usko hamko khatm karna hai.This is the target of Government of India under the leadership of honourable Prime Minister, humko ye sab karna padega aur jitne acche acche mine hai jismein, there are so many good mines, ismein cooking coal hai, jo idher industry leader baithe hue hai, tho aap zarur soch sakte hai, aur grade 5 ka, grade 5 ka coal hai, aur ismein almost all clearances are available, there might have been some problems but I will assure you as a Coal India and as Ministry of Coal, I will assure you, I’ll handle and we’ll see that win- win situation is there and together we will produce the coal and together we will see that India after the, Pradhanamntri ji bolte the hum sabko bolte the aur mananiya Pradhanamntri ji ne publicly bhi bola hai jaise world war ke pahle post world war aur pre world war ek order rehta the, world order, abhi pre covid aur post covid ek naya world order hone wala hai. Ye world order mein India will be the best performing. Aap ye maan ke chaliye, I am telling you and this over government is also confident and under the leadership of Prime Minister Shri Modi, there will be, India will be the best performing economy and we will lead the in the world as for as the economy is concern. Jab sthithi aise hai hamara jo abhi duniya ke hisab se bhi hamara per capita consumption bahut kam hai, ye bhi humko dekhna padega China kitna hai, US ka kitna hai, ye sab aapko dekhna padega, hamara 2000 aur kuch hai, unka hai 12000, China ka hai 4000 kuch, aur jab log hamare log electricity use karke apna jeevan mein badlav lana chahte hai jo kuch bhi natural resources hamare paas available hai, ismein transparency se hamko kaam karna padega, yahi hamko mananiya Pradhanamntri ji se direction hai, isliye paryavaran ka pura khayal rakhte hue, we will see that the things will change and commercial coal mining mein bhi jitne log iska success ke baare mein doubt kar rahe the, tho ek tho ye coal mine gaya hai private party ko gaya hai 84%, hai naa Nagaraju ji ye 84% , aur average ismein mila hai 5% to 38% ya 34%, 38%, 5 to 38% mila hai tho kuch log commercial mining mein fayeda liya hai, main vinamra se prarthna karta hun ki ismein bhavishya hai aur ismein gasification liquefaction ye karte hue, hum kaise iska upyog kar sake ye sochna chahiye, kyunki jaisa maine kaha cooking abhi electrification hoga, transportation electrification hoga, ye sab bahut badi matra mein desh ke overall economy mein bhi aur overall requirement of the energy mein bhi bahut bada badalav aa raha hai, Isliye ismein jo agar condition apke samne hai abhi Nagaraju ji ne rakha hai usmein bhi agar kuch hai tho aap Coal India se baat- chit kariye aur isko hum bahut investor friendly banane ke liye hamara lakshay rakha hai, so that tho kamsekam videsh se jo thermal power, thermal coal hum laate hai to usko to humko rok lgana padega, ye hamare mananiya Pradhanamntri ji ka ek lakshay hai, humko ye lakshay mananiya Pradhanamntri ji ne diya hai. Isliye main aap sabko nivedan karne aaya hun, isse zyada mujhe abhi bolne ke liye aur zyada kuch nahi hai. Tho coal production abhi kitna bada hai ye bhi main kehna chahta hun ki, in 2014 it was the 570 MT, humne supply kiya tha, aaj ke din mein means at the end of 2022 march 31st we have supplied 880 MT that is 43% more ho gaya hai, 43% more offtake has been done all, kitna hua 700 and Anil ji 767 MT, itna production hamara hua hai, uske bavjud bhi abhi shortage ke baare mein baat chal raha hai, shortage aaj ke din se zyada ham aage ke liye bahut zyada soch hai jo quarter two mein kyunki barish ki dino mein supply veghara ka transportation veghara ka jo samsya hota hai usmein bhi dhyan deke ham pure din kal humne meeting kiya hai aur uske target kaise rakhna hai kaise aage badhna hai ye sab ham soch shuru kar diya hai. Tho isliye aur captive mine jo humne aap sab jaante ho main fir se apko I trying to refresh your mind, humne end use khatm kar diye, coal mein bhi khatm kar diya hai aur other mines mein bhi khatm kar diya hai aur captive mine jo leke baithe hue the unka jitna requirement utna mine kar sakte the, hume usmein bhi 50% de diya chalo market mein becho, kuch log paisa bhi bna rahe hai usmein, hamko koi aapatti nahi hai usmein, but in whole the country should be Atmanirbhar, that is the intention of this launching of abandoned and discontinued coal, coal mines, tho iska artha hai ki usmein kuch kamiya hai isliye uska auction kar rahe jaise maine pahle bhi btaya as I said earlier also there will be some constraints for PSUs, PSUs will have there some constraints for that reason they will not be able to mine it out, private log kuch to kuch baat karke usmein kar sakte hai, jitna constraint ek PSU ko rehta hai, government company ko rehta hai, utna constraint private logon ko nhi rehta hai, ye karan se ham iska offer karna socha hai iska arth nahi hai ki ismein kuch nahi hai isliye nuksan ho raha hai kai ne bich mein ek presentation kaha hai ismein bahut loss hua hai, loss aur kisi ke karan hua hai ji, tho isiliye main apko aashvasth karna chahta hun isliye I had directed them, jab humne first launch kare then best of the best mines should be selected, tho aisa hi hamara CMPDI ne kiya hai, Manoj ji ne kiya hai aur Manoj ji jab bol rahe the aap bahut acche acche mine ka kitna steel ka grade ka ye sab thoda thoda ujagar kar sakte the. Tho bahut acha mine hamara Coal India ka chairman hamare Anil Jain ji ke margdarshan me kiya hai, aur is kshetr mein aur total energy sector mein ek hum badalav lana chahte hai, tho isliye main apka sahiyog chahta hun. I want your corporation whatever is need from the ministry, whatever the need from the government we are there with you, we will hold your hand, jaise commercial coal mining mein bhi janha environment ka samsya rehta hai, janha forest ka samasya rehta hai, janha state government ka samsya rehta hai hum svayam baat kar rahe hai, aur Anil ji baat kar rahe hai hamara Nagaraju ji idher udher ghum rahe hai sabse baatchit karke kaam nikalne kaa koshish kar rahe hai, Main apko ashvasth karta hun main idher udher ghum ke kuch log has rahe idher, Main Jharkhand mein jaata hai orissa mein jaata hai jake baatchit karta hai phone pe baat karte hai Chief Secretary se milte hain tho ye sab kaam ho rha hai, tho isliye hum handhold karenge, aapke saath khade honge, aur sab milke desh ko Aatma Nirbhar karenge, yahi avahan dete hue main apni vaani ko viram deta hun. Bahut bahut dhanyawad. Namaskar

### 👤 Anchor
Thank you sir for your valuable inputs and your insights. Especially for being the driving force to boost private investments in the coal sector. Ladies and gentlemen now we’ll open the floor for questions, we have provision of microphone wait till the mic reaches you, identify yourself, and also name of the person to whom your query is addressed. We have speakers and experts to question your answers. I have three names already with me Mr. Dinesh Kaushik, Director, D&A Financials Pvt. Ltd. Sir, please. Can we have the mike, right at the end, can we please pass the mike to Mr. Dinesh Kaushik ji.

### 👤 Dinesh Kaushik
Thank you, sir, to give this opportunity, wonderful presentation, where we see that government is proactively working and solving the problems which are anticipated in the future. Aur minister sahab ka sunkar tho bahut hi encouraging laga ki government kitna deep level par ja kar future ko project karke problems ko smajhkar aage cheeze badha rahi hai or vo visible ho rahy hai actions me or result me. So, we are honored to have you here and listen to you. Mere do questions ismein hai ki kai cheeze aisi ho rahi hai hamare ynaha ki ek coordination banking ke sath humko schemes ke liye chahiye hota hai or ismein jaise land to transfer karne ke liye aap propose kar rahe hai, whether this land will be eligible for mortgage for raising funds because it involves large capital investments, so those are some of the issues and it takes a lot of time. Whether the governments has really taken care of this or maybe thinking, I just wanted to draw your attention to this. This may be considered that when you are extending or transferring the land all permission with respect to forest clearance, fire clearance, and other things are in place and we are able to mortgage this land for raising funds and finances because banks are gradually learning from the past and becoming little more diligent and at the same time which is very much required but this going to be one of the major hurdle and we request you to consider this. Second point which I have in my mind is that today what we are talking is very positive environment, we know that we come from very low level of acceptance of coal as a power source to a very vibrant situation today and at very highly-priced. Which may be a temporary phenomena, may be for 2 years 5 years it may be necessitated because of the war which we are facing, China has taken some proactive action for reducing some carbon footprint and maybe reducing the overall pollution control measures. I heard one of the expert, he was saying that let there be a dynamic mechanism to consider the problem or anticipatory or anticipated market dynamics so there may be some mechanism which may be evolved after finalizing the deal with a person to address the problem which we might face, while we’ll progress and the market condition turn adverse in long run. So, these are my two questions and my suggestions and thank you very much once again for a wonderful session. Thank you.

### 👤 Anchor
The second name with me is Mr. Prabhat Mittal from Sandvik Mining.

### 👤 Prabhat Mittal
Thank you, sir, my name is Prabhat Mittal, I am Vice President of Sandvik. Sandvik is a leading mining equipment manufacturers for underground coal mining mechanical cutting equipment. Today, as secretary sir has also mentioned in his speech that the more focus is been given for unground coal production. One important thing I would like to highlight here is that today that the underground coal contractors, production contractors who are there in the country are very limited in number who are having a good experience. Now with this enormous numbers of mines, which are floated with coal India for underground as well as the coal block owners, private coal block owners, who are going to open. We really need to see that good participation, wider participation encouraged by the Coal India and their tenders so that new bidders, new contractors are also come forward who are really willing produce coal with these technologies. So today still we see that in some of the tenders, there are restrictions and we have given our representation in past many years and we have been given the representation but still, there are more work and more guidance is required to the subsidiaries by coal India so that some relaxation is been given in those tenders for wider participation in these. So this is my suggestion and request sir.

### 👤 Prabhat Mittal
Sir like for example we are producing and manufacturing the coal mining equipment, and in all other countries where our equipment are being run Coal India ask for producing, giving the production certificate to that particular equipment. Now we as an OEM keep on doing the R&D and develop the new models keep on changing and Coal India ask for particular production certificate of that particular model as a proven equipment so those restrictions are actually prohibiting us to participating in the tender with our contracting partners.

### 👤 Pramod Aggarwal
Coal India ke jo apne MDO ke tenders hai aap unki baat kar rahe hai?

### 👤 Prabhat Mittal
MDO Wale me tho kafi relaxation diya hua hai. Main baat kar raha hu jo hiring ke tenders aate hai usmein sir relaxation de diya jaye tho kafi acha rahega.

### 👤 Pramod Aggarwal
Hiring ke jo tendar hai jo nomal tendar hai uske baare me hai ki unka kehna hai ki jo machine naya develop karte hai tho uske liye proveness certificate ki jarurat padti hai, tho DGMs ke bina tho hum ek equipment bhi nahi laga sakte, DGMs ke approval ke bina, Aur uske alava bhi proveness isliye bhi jaruri hota hai ki especially underground mining me koi bhi accident hoga tho uski jimmedari Coal India ki banti hai. But that is not relevant to today. We can discuss it separately.

### 👤 Anchor
Sachin Patra JI

### 👤 Sachin Patra
Good afternoon everyone, respectable minister sir. My name is Sachin Kumar Patra and I am from Eki Energy Services Ltd. Ours is the company dealing with carbon credits. Which really made the buzz after the recent COP that has happened in Glasgow. My question was in these mining activities there is a scope of getting corban credits and that could result in additional revenue for all these companies who operate these mines. That will be related to capturing carbon to coal mine methane and coalbed methane. My question was related to that if that is an already a part of the tender or any of the company is doing it voluntarily as the part of the sustainability activity in and around the mines then it can also add on their revenue and strengthen their financials. So that’s just a suggestion and if it’s not part of the tendering process, again if it could be and it also add to the sustainability areas and also financially it could be beneficial for all the operators. Thank You.

### 👤 Mr. Baliyaan
Thank very much sir, Hon'ble Minister and Secretary Coal and I must compliment for wonderful initiative there and we are confident that this going to be very very successful. Sir, I am speaking on behalf of newly formed coal gasified association of India, where all the gasifiers coming together to really, to pull their resources, their knowledge-based, and also the issues that would be there to address and make it more attractive. Sir one of the thing I would like to make a mention here is Coal gasification actually slightly technical thing by definition in the documents that I have seen in the ministry of coal restricted to only syn gas. I think coal gasification is a process where synthesis gas, syn gas, or producer gas all together is the same thing. The process is same, so I think the enlargement of the definition to my mind is very much essential. Otherwise many of the bidders may not really qualify. There are large number of producer gas producers who would be very much willing in taking participation in this thing so my request is to look at that sir and coal gasification should be broad-based or process we should include syn gas synthesis, gas producer gas altogether. That would also impact the end-user also because many of them do not produce only but also use it ultimately. So that will be very good for that sir. Thank you very much.

### 👤 Anchor
over to Dr. Rabi Bastia, CEO, Oilmax Energy

### 👤 Dr. Bastiya
Sir my heartiest compliments, your charged speech has really ignited the energy in us. We explore and mine many kilometers down the earth, so coal mining is a natural friend of oil industry in that sense. Sir, I have one question and one suggestion. The suggestion first, the resources of coal mine whatever you have presented to us could be manifold higher than these if we adopt a small technology called seismic evaluation for the coal and the continuity of the coal. The topic of the current discussion was the discontinued coal mines, please believe me if you go through the seismic signatures of the coal mines and technology today available which can delineate 7-meter accurate coal seams and below up to 300 or 350 meters. Very clearly this technology will give at least 25% more results in our country sir. My one question, the escrow account is creating little bit of time delay in our system. So, we would like that the mechanism should be changed and directed towards the operator and which could take control and deposit on behalf of the Coal India. Thank you very much, sir.

### 👤 Anchor
Anybody else.

### 👤 Vishal Chandak
My name is Vishal Chandak, represent financial services to Motilal Oswal, Mining Sector. We have been talking about the thermal coal and improving the production of thermal coal. I would also like to draw your attention to the billions of tons of coking coal reserves, we have in India specially Jharia coal field, which have not been explored or not been used. If we can produce that and use put that to operation, we are importing about 15 MT coking coal today, that itself works out to more than 20 billion dollars in current prices. So, anything which ministry can work, which will save the end-user industry and foreign exchange reserve as well.

### 👤 Anchor
I could see another hand going up at adjoining seat

### 👤 PS Reddy
Sir my name is PS Reddy, I am the MD and CEO of Multi Commodity Exchange. Where we trade gas, crude oil and pulling base metals and some of the agri products and rightly this kind of initiative was required with parallelly development at a trading platform then only the price discovery will be very transparent and whatever revenue sharing you are looking at will also be priced very transparently. I think parallelly my request and suggestions to the Hon'ble Minister and to the team who build regulatory framework around the coal trading in the country. Thank You, Sir.

### 👤 Anchor
Right at the end...

### 👤 Navin Ahlawat
Respected sir my name is Navin Ahlawat, I am from Jindal Steel and Power. It is just a suggestion that we waste lots of money and energy to transport coal away from the coal pithead so it’s a suggestion that if we can promote more integrated gasification combined plant IGCC power plant at the pithead which will save a lot of transporting from that coal pithead. Thank you so much.

### 👤 Anchor
Anyone

### 👤 Arindam
My name is Arindam, Company called 21st Century Mining. Congratulation for the new initiatives been taken Sir’s. We are actually importers of coal hum dikh raha tha tha ki aheste aheste government wants to get into that Aatmanirbhar mode so in that spirit we have done our first investment for taking of coal blocks. We want to take part in further auctions there are two problems what I see one which already been highlighted that any new company coming in and we are merchant coal miner tho hume coal nikalkar we have sell it to market, first in terms of bank financing which have been already spoken about kuki hamare pass asset base yanha hai nahi or koyale ko hum collector dikha kar bank ko mushkil hoti hai tho usmie we would need help. The other is merchant coal miners as the production goes up they play a larger role so the single portal which have been implemented already. Jis tarah se correct price dicovery for the market vo kis tarah se simplify kiya ja sakta hai, ise bdhava diya ja sakta hai uspar jara clarifications chahiye. Thank you.

### 👤 Anchor
Well I see no more hands going up

### 👤 Pramod Aggarwal
That two-three issues which I can address but rest of the thing I’ll leave it to Secretary and Additional Secretary to address. One was relating to the mortgaging the land been given to the process. Actually, we have not thought very seriously about it so I won’t be able to comment anything since we are not transferring the land to you it just leasing it not even leasing, its lease to us so we are subleasing it. I have to explore the possibility there and see the legal issues but I am not committing on that. Second was escrow account which was raise by Hon’ble minister also, again since I have background of only roads etc. so we have used that model here, we assure that we will explore this possibility also and take the legal advice. Here the ownership of the mine in two senses not been transferred It is being the mining purpose act only. We are transferring the ownership and to that extent to you’ll be responsible for all the operations, we won’t have any intervene or interference in your operations except for looking for some statutory things because we will continue remain as the owner, that possibility is not there because this was given to us in coal bearing act unless the act has changes perhaps it will not be the possibility we have found this, and ultimately the coal also will be the ownership of the Coal India technically. But practice term you will be the owner and you will be selling coal on behalf of the Coal India. So there is slight difference between commercial mining and MDO model in which revenue sharing is there so because of that perhaps but we have assured you that all these 3-4 things will be looked into. So these are the 2-3 things which I wanted to clarify but I assure you we will look into it and will take the legal opinion.

### 👤 Shri A K Jain
So CMD has clarified just add on to that the land is not being transferred, so there is no case for mortgage of the land. But there is a long term contract which you’ll enter into with Coal India, so what rights you get the document which was created so may be coal India will examine, because I remember that even in mining the contract it’s a limestone on which factories put up. Unless and until the bank has some right over the resources or they don’t finance otherwise. If tomorrow they finance in this If they goes into MPA they must have access to that document on the basis of which they can give it sell it somebody and recover. So you’ll have to explore that. Dynamic approach to address evolving situation so even in the commercial mining people have taken the bigger risk. The clauses are there force majeure etc. But I don’t know what you have in mind may be what you have in mind is if there is an international treaty in which India commits to you know dependence on coal then what will happen, those thing I think will be taken care of in a normal force majeure situation, Carbon credit is a suggestion we are open to it. Widening the definition of coal gasification, for this will rely on CMPDI to tell us what is the meaning of gasification. I understand synergy, synthetic natural gas, producer gas so may be we will ask CMPDI to tell us that what do we wish to encourage, so basically the idea is to encourage gasification and that means basically to develop methanol, ethanol, DME so if those things which we are importing can come through coal we will love to encourage it. Seismic evaluation I think there is already a lot of discussions and Coal India is also open to the Idea. That seismic should be accepted. Escrow account I remember that it was tried out in the first mention. It would not be liked by the Industry, Industry would not like to put same procedure to an account over somebody else has controlled and then they’ll become the applicants to it, so this can be look in to. Isko kar denge sir bank guarantee system.

### 👤 Shri Pralhad Joshi
Bank guarantee karo iska, Escrow account me idhar udhar ghumna padta hai, CMD, director finance ke peeche ghumna padta hai isko change karke koi alternative arrangement karo. Escrow account band kar do nahi tho koi nahi milega ismein, you stop it.

### 👤 Shri A K Jain
Somebody mentioned about coking coal deposited for Jharia, let me tell you that this issue keep coming to the Ministry ki Jharia me billions of ton coal hai jismein aag lagi hui hai tho kai baar examine kara liya hai, may be in lunch time you can talk to CMD of CMPDI who has good knowledge of it. There is some cooking coal but vo billions of tons wali baat nahi hai and uski ke kuch tender tho is round me bhi aaye hue hai. Infact we are open to it agar aap Coal India ki jo band mines hai vo bhi agar aap samjhte hai or bhi introduce honi chahiye you can give suggestions to CMD coal India he’ll happy to this. Prebid conference me aap or bhi bata sakte hai. CMD Coal India ke man me ye bhi hai ki jo inke pass lands hai abhi jinke mines nahi khuli hai agar ye unko na kholna chahte ho I think version mines ke baare me bhi aap soch rahe hai that could be surface three of the reforms. That previously unworked but land held by Coal India. Under the CB act tho usme bhi agar kuch areas ho BCCL ke to vo open kiye ja sakte hai. Coal training platform and price discovering par hum log bahut tezi se kaam kar rahe hai. Mr. Reddy met me also somedays back, we have put CRISIL on this job tho abhi coal India ka ek trading platform Coal India khud develop kar raha hai CMPDI se uske pahle M-junction ka platform hai lekin usmein single seller hai. Coal India is the only seller multiple buyers but I understand from gentleman who spoke that soon all these people have taken the commercial mines. Also want the platform jin par multiple sellers and multiple buyers ho. So that should be in place by 31st March next year we are hopeful for that. Ek uske liye regulatory framework chahiye hoga uske liye vo hum alag se baat karenge. Promote IGCC technology it’s a good idea ultra supercritical ke baad IGCC ne aana tha so that in ministry of power promoting it but I think its very expensive. So that if someone will develop we’ll be very happy kuki hamara koyala fir vanhi ke vanhi Jal jayega, koyale me bhada bahut lagta hai freight ka agar freight ka incidence na ho tho coal ki economics hi change ho jati hai tho we encourage it so you can let us know if something you want us to do to encourage this technology. Thank you.

### 👤 Shri Pralhad Joshi
Main sampat me ek hi sentence bolna chata hu jo man me win-win situation rakhte hue aap jo suggestion dete hai ministry is open, you can suggest us, ministry is open and Coal India is also open, that much I can assure you, but win-win situation rehna chahiye.

### 👤 Anchor
I believe most of the issues were raised were addressed primarily. As we move towards the end of this engaging discussion and dissertation. We will now present mementos as token of gratitude and appreciation. Request Shri Pramod Agarwal, Chairman Coal India Ltd. to please present a momento to our Chief Guest Shri Pralhad Joshi, Hon’ble Minister of Coal and Mines and Parliamentary Affairs Government of India. A memento for our Guest of Honour Shri Raosahib Patil Danve Hon’ble Minister of State for Rail, Coal and Mines, Government of India, and a memento for Dr. A. K Jain Secretary Ministry of Coal, Government of India. Thank you Mr. Agarwal. I will now request Shri B Veera Reddy, Director Technical Coal India Ltd, to please present a memento to Shri Pramod Agarwal, Chairman Coal India Ltd. Shri M. Nagaraju,

### 👤 V Shrikanth Chief Operation Executive of Mines Vedanta Ltd. and Shri Jeet Adani, Vice President
Finance of Adani Group.

### 👤 Veera Reddy
Good afternoon It is my privilege to propose vote of thanks, I would like to extend my sincere gratitude to the Hon’ble Minister of Coal and Mines and Parliamentary Affairs, Shri Pralhad Joshi sir, with the motivation from him Coal India last year produced ever highest coal production of 622 MT. Over the year this financial year till date, positive growth of 28% has been registered. So, we are continuously getting support and guidance and motivation from Sir. Thank you Sir for attending here and giving valuable message to the all the industry. I also like to thank Shri Raosahab Patil Danve Sahab, Minister of State for taking out his time from his busy schedule for the event of today and I would like to thanks Dr. A. K Jain, he is continuously closely monitoring total meeting and conductus number of meetings, visit places and it is all possible because of his guidance and support and thank you sir for coming here and delivering a message and I would also like to thank our leader Shri Pramod Agarwal Sahab, Chairman, Coal India and Shri Nagaraju sir. Actually he designed this revenue-sharing model and these mines I have seen personally they are all good quality coal and we are not proposing any technology, you can go for all green mining methods and particular to this is good quality coal coking and non-coking, particular G2, G3, ECL that is required for NRS so even the thermal power is not there also so NRS demand will continue and green mining methods and also there, so in every mine, not less than 100 MT geological reserves are there. You can go for high wall mining punch longwall mining and pasteprill technology, it will be the most environmental friendly methods, all these methods have long life. And required by power sector, particularly NRS. So, this way we can achieve the Aatmanirbhar and I would like to thank Shri Jeet Adani ji a young entrepreneur for sharing his ideas. I would also thank Industry speakers Shri Thomas Cherian, Shri Vinay Prakash, and V Shrikanth for sharing their prospective on the launch of closed or discontinued mines of Coal India and revenue sharing model. I am sure that we will deeply benefit from the consultations organised today. We will look to take maximum benefit out of this initiative by having higher private sector participation for further revival of closed and discontinue mines. I would also like to thank team of organizers from Coal India and also I would like to thank FICCI for partnering with us in organizing this program. The event of today had the presence of three stakeholders Ministry of Coal, Government organizations, mining companies, power generation companies, mine developers cum operators and to other industries which add value to entire effort. I would like to once again thank all the participants who have given their time to attend the event and have joined us to make this successful one. I would also like to thank our Media friends for highlighting the initiative and and all the stakeholders involved with today's program. Thank you all.

## Q&A
