
# BALAMINES - Fallback_Transcript_57

## Behavioral Analysis
✅ **[STABILITY]** No severe behavioral manipulation thresholds breached.

## Preparation
### 👤 PRE_SPEAKER_OVERFLOW_BUFFER
8th February, 2020

### 👤 Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,
Dalal Street, Mumbai -400 001.

### 👤 National Stock Exchanges of India Limited,
5th Floor, Exchange Plaza,

### 👤 Bandra - Kurla Complex,
Bandra(East), Mumbai -400 051.

### 👤 Sub
Intimation under Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)

### 👤 Regulations, 2015
With reference to above cited subject, please find enclosed the transcript of the Conference Call held on Monday, 3rd February, 2020. This is for your information and record. Thanking you,

### 👤 For Balaji Amines Limited
r>frF? ]imisha Parth Dawda

### 👤 Encl
a/a

### 👤 Unit . I
Cat No.197, Vill-Tamalwadi, Tal-Tuljapur. Dist. Osmanabad413 623. (INDIA) .Tel. : 0091-2471-265013,14,15. e-mail : factoryofflce@balajiamines.in

### 👤 Unit -Ill
Plot No. E-7 & 8, Chincholi M.I.D.C,, Tal, Mohol, Dist. Solapur -413 255. . Tel. : 2357050, 51. e-mail : unit3works@balajiamines.in

### 👤 Unit -IV
Plot No. F-104, Chincholi M.I.D.C., Tal. Mohol, Dist. Solapur -413 255.

### 👤 E...-
EE

### 👤 MANAGEMENT
MR. RAM REDDY - PROMOTHR & MANAGING

### 👤 February 03, 2020
Earnings Conference Call, hosted by Edelweiss Professional Investor Research. This conference call may contain forward-looking statements about the company, which are based on the beliefs, opinions and expectations of the company as on the date of this call. These statements are not the guarantees of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ``*" then "0" on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Swamabha Mukherjee from Edelweiss Professional lnvestor Research. Thank you and over to you Mr. Mukherjee!

### 👤 Swarnabha Mukherjee
Good afternoon. On behalf of Edelweiss Professional lnvestor Research, I welcome all with us today, Mr. Ram Reddy, Promoter & MD of Balaji Amines Limited. We request the management for their opening remarks, post which we will open the floor for the Q&A. Please go ahead, Sir!

### 👤 Ram Reddy
Ladies and gentlemen, a very good evening to all of you and welcome to the conference call to discuss the financial performance of the Q3 and 9M FY2020 of our company, Balaji Amines Limited. I hope you have got a chance to go through the press release and financial statements submitted to the stock exchanges and uploaded on our website. Let me take you through the financial and operational performance. We recorded a total revenue of Rs. 224 Crore in Q3 FY2020 as against Rs. 240 Crore in the corresponding quarter of previous year. EBITDA came in at Rs. 46 Crore in Q3 FY2020 as compared to Rs. 44 Crore in the same period last year with EBITDA margin at 20.5% in Q3 FY2020 as compared to 18.2% in the same period last year. Profit after tax was at Rs. 27 Crore in the current quarter under review as against Rs. 26 Crore in Q3 FY2019. PAT margin stood at 11.9% in Q3 FY2020 as against to 10.9% in Q3 FY2019. Kindly note that Q2 FY2020 PAT was higher on account of revision in corporate tax rate. Diluted EPS for Q3 FY2020 stood at Rs. 8.25 per equity share. In Q3 FY2020 Basic Amines constituted 20.9% of total sales, Amines Derivatives constituted 36.5% and 42.6°/o of sales was from Specialty Chemicals. The end user industry wise, API pharma contributed over 57% of total revenue followed by agrochemicals at 18% and other segments like dyes, textiles, animal feed, water treatment chemicals and refinery contributed about 5% each.

### 👤 Page 2 of 23
Balof i Amines Limited

### 👤 February 03, 2020
The topline growth in Q3 FY2020 is lower due to lower raw material cost which is passed on to the end customers. However the EBITDA margins have improved on year-on-year basis on account of better product mix, improvement in the volume uptake and resultant increase in operating leverage. The total volume stood at 21,160 MT for Q3 FY2020 as against 19,128 MT in Q3 FY2019. For Q3 FY2020 Amines volume stood at 4,732 MT and Amines Derivates volume stood at 8,547 MT and Specialty Chemicals volumes stood at 7,881 MT. Coming to our performance for 9MFY2020. Revenue from operations in 9MFY2020 stood at Rs. 691 Crore as compared to Rs. 719 Crore in 9M FY2019. EBITDA for nine months FY2020 was Rs.134 Crore as compared to Rs.150 Crore in 9M FY2019. EBITDA margin for 9M FY2020 was at 19.4%. PAT for 9MFY2020 was Rs. 81 Crore as compared to Rs. 91 Crore in 9MFY2019. Diluted EPS for 9MFY2020 stood at Rs. 25.12 per equity share. We expect the volume uptake to gather phase in the Q4 FY2020 with increase in demand from domestic pharmaceutical companies and also from agrochemicals sector on back of bright prospectus from the Rabi season. Balaji Amines manufactures about 25 products in all. We are the first and only company in the world in Amines' industry that has used indigenous technology to manufacture Amines. All other companies have either used US or German technology. All our products have a high entry barrier. In about 60% of our products, we are the only manufacturer like NMP, NEP, GBL, 2P, Morpholine, DMAC, DMAE and DMU. We now have the capacity to manufacture 10,000 tonnes for Morpholine in FY2020. In total we will be manufacturing about 8,000 plus tons of Morpholine. Other than China, there are only three players making this product in the world. In India itself, there is a shortfall of 5,000 tons of supply in Morpholine. We also started exporting Morpholine to other countries, including China. We have recently started manufacturing Acetonitrile from November 19, onwards. We have installed capacity of 9,000 tons. We are currently manufacturing about 8 to 10 tonnes per day of Acetonitrile, which we plan to increase to 14 to 15 tonnes per day from April 2020 onwards. In FY2021 we plan to scale-up our production significantly. Total demand for Acetonitrile in India is about 12,000 tonnes. The margin delta of Acetonitrile continues to remain elevated on account of higher price realization due to supply constrains in global market.

### 👤 February 03, 2020
As the higher price Acetonitrile may not be sustainable on long-term basis, we have developed another fungible product called Tetrchydrofuran (THF), which can be manufactured on the same manufacturing line as Acetonitrile. If there is any volatility in price, going ahead we plan to manufacture Acetonitrile for six months and THF for six months. No company in India manufactures THF and its demand of 15,000 tonnes per annum is currently met by imports. Recently we made an application to the Government of India for levying antidumping duties on Di-Methyl Formamide (DMF). In recent months we have witnessed better pricing of DMF, which has increased the viability of the manufacturing of the same. We expect gradual improvement in capacity utilization to 65% from around 20% levels currently. I am pleased to inform you that we have received the environmental clearance for our 90 acre Greenfield project. In the phase I of the Green field project of Unit IV, the company will install capacity for manufacturing 16,500 tonnes of Ethyl Amines and 9,900 tonnes of Di-Methyl Carbonate. The Capex involved is estimated at Rs. 150 to Rs. 170 Crore, which will be largely funded by internal accruals. The construction for phase I of the Green field project unit IV is likely to be completed in FY2021. Post the commencement of the phase I project, the company will have the largest installed capacity of Ethyl Amines in India at 22,500 tonnes per annum. This project has received Mega Project status from Government of Maharashtra. In the Green field project, we had earlier planned to install capacity of 16500 tonnes of manufacturing of fungible products of IPA or MIPA, However with another Indian company entering the market with the same products we changed our plans to instead manufacture Di-Methyl Carbonate (DMC). The demand for Di-Methyl Carbonate is about 8,000 tonnes in India, which is currently met fully by imports. Balaji Specialty Chemicals Private Limited, a subsidiary of the company manufactures niche products like Ethylenediamine (EDA), Piperazine (PIP) and Diethylenetriamine (DETA). We expect rapid ramp up in production in FY2021 as our end customers will switch their sources of procurement from imports to Balaji Specialty in the next fiscal year. With these products, Balaji Specialty would be substituting the products that are currently being imported in India. We undertook capex of Rs. 250 Crores for our subsidiary company and have also got Mega Project status for the same. India is currently importing 29,000 tons of Ethylenediamine (EDA) which basically goes in to end user industry of Agro chemicals. UPL, Coromandel and Indofil are major consumers of EDA. The other two

### 👤 February 03, 2020
products go in to pharmaceuticals, polymers, coatings, etc. Balaji Specialty will be the only company in India manufacturing EDA, PIP and DETA. India is importing 7,000 to 8,000 tons of PIP and 3,000 to 4,000 tons of DETA. These two products have good demand in other countries too. All these years, these three products used to be imported to India. The hotel business is doing well and has started contributing to the bottom line. Hotel business constituted about 2.2% of total revenue in Q3 FY2020. The average revenue per room stood at Rs. 3,610 and revenue per available room was Rs. 2,177. The occupancy rate in Q3 FY2020 stood at 60.3%. The cash profit from hotel division in Q3 FY2020 was Rs. 0.89 Crore. 10% of total rooms supply comes from our hotel in Solapur. That is all from my side. We now leave the floor open for question and answers. Thank you very much Sir. We will now begin the question and answer session. The first question is from the line of Mr. A. M. Lodha from Sanmati Consultants. Please go ahead. Sir, I have few questions and just I wanted to know what is the capacity of the Di- Methyl Formamide? 30,000 tonnes. So, at what percentage this plant is running in December quarter Sir? It is more than 30%. It is slowly ramping up, it will go to 30%, 40%. Second question is relating to the Balaji Specialty Chemicals at what capacity that the new plant is running sir? It was running only 10% to 15% now because as I told earlier it will go in full swing from April onwards as the customers were all importing and their import contract will end by this March. How much the ramp up in the production can be expect in FY2021 ? It should go to minimum 20,000 tonnes. 15000 to 20000 tonnes a single product of EDA and other proportionate products maybe about 6000 to 7000 tonnes. I just wanted to know overall capacity utilization, all the products? It should go minimum 20000 tonnes.

### 👤 February 03, 2020
The overall percentage of capacity utilization. Overall percentage of capacity utilization in FY202l of Balaji Specialty? Around 65% to 70%. Okay Sir, thank you. I will come back in the queue Sir. Thank you. The next question is from the line of Jatin Damania from Kotak Securities. Please go ahead. We operate at a 10% to 15% capacity utilization at BSCPL, our subsidiary., What are the prospects because in the last quarter con call you have indicated in terms of EDA we can expect sales to the tune of Rs. 40 to 50 Crore?. From April onwards the operations at subsidiary will ramp up, the reason is that the clients have already have signed contracts for sourcing them from their suppliers upto March `20. So that means from April onwards will ramp up to the high level of 65%-70%? Yes. You had said that despite the decline in the realization, we would see better numbers on the consolidated basis as far as the profit is concerned., But the numbers that we have reported on the consolidated basis is almost down by 27%. So, what went wrong on the consolidated basis as compared to the standalone? This subsidiary has just started and to mature, this investment will take at least a year's time. So next year we will see something positive from the subsidiary, but otherwise it is doing well and EBTIDA will be 18% to 20%. So the next year we can assume the revenue of Rs.150-200 Crore or it will be lower than that? It is very difficult to say. What I am telling is the specialty company will significantly ramp up its production and here in the Balaji Amines, Moipholine, Acetonitrile, and DMF capacity will increase. All these things deflnitely should contribute much better than current year. What volume one should assume for this current fiscal year? For this nine months we have done 62,686tonnes. There will be another 25,000 tonnes in Q4., So, about 88000 tonnes will be the total sales volume in the current fiscal year.

### 👤 February 03, 2020
Secondly on EDA you said in the next financial year we will start seeing a better utilization., Have we signed a contract with the domestic agro-chemical companies? We will be signing contracts on quarter-to-quarter basis. We will be signing contracts in the next month for the first quarter, that is from the April `20 to June `20. So as of now we have not signed any contract on this front? Some quantity is already being supplied in the current period also. Yes Siro thanks. That is all from my side, I will come back in the queue again. Thank you. The next question is from the line of Amar Morya from Al fa Accurate Advisors. Please go ahead. Sir firstly you had indicated that 20.9% contribution from the amines business right. So is this the 20.9% the revenue contribution or the volume contribution? This is revenue contribution. So 20.9% is the total consolidated revenue? We are only talking about Balaji Amines -the parent company. We are not considering the figures from the subsidiary. So basically Sir then what we are saying is 20.9% contribution in Amines and how much would be from the derivatives? I missed that figure. 36.5%. How much from specialty? 42.60/o. Secondly Sir, now in terms of the overall price realization per se, is it trending upward, or is it trending downward? I do not want to get into the nitty-gritty of all products, but in general how the trend is now? In general, I can tell you because the raw material prices have gone down, like major basic raw materials like methanol, even finished products prices have come down proportionately. However, our margin is intact, that is what I can say. Like in Acetonitrile this whole nine month what would be our capacity utilization and what do we expect from Acetonitrile in next fiscal year?

### 👤 February 03, 2020
As I said in my speech, Acetonitrile plant was only started in November. And as I told you that we are manufacturing 8 tonnes per day. We are expecting to increase this in the coming months to 14 to 15 tonnes per day. What would be the current run rate for the Acetonitrile? 8 tonnes per day. Sir then what should we assume for the next year as a whole. We are expecting about 15 tonnes per day. So it will be about 5,000 to 6,000 tonnes for the next fiscal year. 5000 to 6000 tonnes for the next year. So basically then in that case what we will be doing 60% utilization next year, as we have the total capacity of 9000 tonnes. Yes. 9000 is the installed capacity which we are having. In the next financial year will be manufacturing 5,000 to 6,000 tonnes. If the prices remain consistent like this, we will go in for greater capacity utilization in the next year. With this kind of utilization level and the rates which we are prevailing if this continue, what would be the average profitability? We are not certain what will be raw material prices in the coming months., The current price of Acetonitrile is not sustainable. We are seeing this elevated prices for is only 8 to 9 months, maybe one year. Earlier the prices was Rs. 120 tol30 per kg. So, it is very difficult to say. So this product let us say reach at the original price of Rs. 130 or. 140 per kg. Will be enjoying the similar kind of average company level margin or there will be significant drop? If Acetonitrile prices prevail then it will be plus for the existing margins of the company. If the prices fall, then the margins will be as it is for the company. Okay thank you Sir. Thank you. The next question is from the line of Kunal Mehta from Vallum Capital. Please go ahead. Sir can you just talk about the expansion in Ethyl Amines in the mega project unit IV? How much capacity are you going to add?

### 👤 February 03, 2020
16,500 tonnes. So Sir, after this I think, you would the largest manufacturer in India right? Yes with the total capacity of 22,500 tonnes. Sir, Can you please throw some light on the cycle which we are in Ethyl Amines, because in the last few quarters the prices have been fairly good. So can you just throw some light how do we see the cycle going forward in next one to two years and other Capex that will come on ground? As of now what we see is perfectly alright. We do not see any pressure on the prices, the reason being almost 600 to 700 tonnes of Ethyl Amines is being imported into the country., We are expecting that we are going to cater that gap of import and apart from this we are looking for some exports also. Okay so capacity addition should be fairly comfortable in Ethyl Amines? Yes9 maybe first one or two years we may not utilize 100% capacity. But over a period of time, I am talking about coming two -three years, are very bright for Ethyl Amines. You have re-filed the application on antidumping duty for the DMF and I think the customs department has to take a decision within next three months. So can you just throw some light on where we are in that situation? We have filed and the initiation of the investigation is already started. They have given 30 days time, i.e. up to 15th February for the opponents to answer. Then the authority will take the decision. And Sir the present price of DMF is? Present prices are more than Rs. 75 per kg. Did we have any contracts in Q3 and Q4 at Balaji Specialty for supplying to three customers UPL, Coromandel and lndofil? Not contracts, but we have supplied almost 1000-1500 tonnes. And in the next two months also we will be supplying another 1000 tonnes. Sir in this plant can you breakeven at around 50% capacity utilization? And when can we reach that level of utilization in next year? That depends upon the prices and margin, but when we are looking into the current situation, breakeven should be achieved at 50°/o to 55% capacity utilization.

### 👤 February 03, 2020
Okay Sir, that is it from my side. Thank you. Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sachin Kasera from Swan Investments. Please go ahead. Sir I was referring to your second quarter conference call transcript wherein you had indicated that for the full year we should be very close to reaching a turnover of around I,000 Crore. And you are very confident because of increment volumes from Morpholine, Acetonitrile. Going by the nine months number that we have done, it looks very difficult that we will be able to achieve it. So you still stick with that guidance of Rs. 1000 Crore for FY2020 or you think if we need to scale down the numbers? Yes, you are right even whenever I am telling, it is subject to the market prices. This time also there is a reduction in the raw material prices whereby prices of finished products also has come down. If you see there is volumes growth of 7.5% and that is the reason our margins has improved. So if the prices improve, then there is a possibility., But you are right, that it is very difficult to reach Rs. I,000 crore revenue mark if the price trend continues like this. We can assume this miss because of the lower realization. But you had also mentioned that Q3 performance will be better than Q2 and Q4 will be better than Q3. But if we see the Q3 numbers both in terms of absolute EBITDA not EBITDA per tonne and even in terms of volumes we are lower by around 1°/o to 2%.What exactly has happened that the performance has been slightly below than what we thought we would deliver in the third quarter? No, volumes I think if you take the average because the total first quarter we were hit very badly which you know and I know very well because of that the average has come down to 7.6% you have seen the. . . In second quarter we did volumes of 2,1,376 tonnes, this quarter we done 21,160 tonnes. However with Morpholine and Acetonitrile we were expecting better volumes in third quarter over second quarter., But despite that the overall volumes were lower by around 200 tonnes. In third quarter we could get production of Acetonitrile on the months of November and December only. We could not do manufacturing for other products like DMF.. So now volume offtake for every product has improved, so probably we expect the next quarter should be better than this third quarter. Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sunil Kothari from Unique Investments. Please go ahead.

### 👤 Ashwin Reddy
Balof i Amines Limited

### 👤 February 03, 2020
Sir my question is related to this recent development related to chemical industry not able to supply enough to pharma intermediates and they are not also getting supplies from China. So in this situation you see any big larger opportunity for us in a structural manner? Basically we are already supplying 50% plus to pharmaceutical companies. So are you seeing any major opportunity in this situation because everybody wants second option to China? So your thoughts on any strategic thinking on those line of development? Not on the interlnediates but it will be there for the specialty chemicals like NMP, NEP, and Morpholine. But as of now we have not seen any disruption as everybody will have the inventories for minimum three to four weeks. If the situation continues like this from China, probably we may get the good opportunity in coming weeks Any guidance in terins of volume for next year for Balaji Amines and subsidiary Balaji Specialty Chemicals? Balaji Amines should do around 1.05,000 tonnes in the next year. Balaji Specialty Chemicals we should do minimum 15,000 to 20,000 tonnes in FY21. Will that volume we be good enough for Balaji Specialty Chemicals to breckeven and make profit at bottomline? Deflnitely. Thank you very much Sir. Thanks, good luck. Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ashwin Reddy from Samathva Investments. Please go ahead. I already got some thoughts on the raw material front because we had two big events, one is the Iran event which probably should have caused the prices to spike and other is the China event. So, I wanted some thoughts on your expectations for next two to three months on the raw material prices? China we do not know. They are talking after lo`h Feb `20 they will open, so then there should not be any problem because as everybody is having inventory, which will not have much impact on the price or even supply side also. But Iran, every year there will be one or two incidents and this time if this takes a serious turn, then probably the prices may go up for the raw materials like methanol. But as of now it is in the same level of Rs. 20 to 22 per kg. We have not seen major changes for the past two - three weeks. Got it, alright. Thank you, that is all.

### 👤 February 03,  2020
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Kavan Pandit from Latin Manharlal. Please go ahead. On Morpholine how much have sales we have done in volume terms in 9MFY20? 5,000 to 5,500 tonnes. I do not have exact figure. I am just giving you approximate Number. What would be the rate for the same? Rs.135 to 140 per kg. What are the current prices for Acetonitrile? Rs .250 per kg. Sir coming to the raw material side I understand that the prices are not in our hands.. But can we look at some alternatives or something which would help us protect our prices? For which raw material you are talking? Methanol. My current shipment has come from Saudi Arabia. And is that on a month-to-month contract basis? No, it is on spot basis only because this Iran issue is not permanent. So, we have made the alternate arrangement for two months.. Sir you said we have started exporting Morpholine, so how much have we done in terms of tonnes. It would be about loo-120 tonnes per month.. And with the recent developments about coronavirus virus? Is that going to affect us in anyway? See anyway China has declared that they will open from the loth February '20. If they open there will not be any major impact. If they don't, probably yes there will be some impact in the prices. Prices will go up. We may have advantage in some products which are not coming from China. However if some matching raw material are not coming, then again our product may suffer, so that will be negative.

### 👤 Page  12 of 23
at#`Nes

### 👤 February 03, 2020
Sir could you give me the domestic tp exports mix for us for the last nine months? Around 20%. Sir so going forward in FY202l where do we see the exports figure going? We see exports to be about 20% to 25% in FY21. So no significant change. Okay thank you Sir I will join back in the queue. Thank you. The next question is from the line of Amandeep Singh from Ambit Capital. Please go ahead. Sir can you help us understand how the current prices of Acetonitrile has moved sequentially and till when do you expect global supply constraints to remain? Current price is Rs. 250 per kg., But second question, it is very difficult to answer. What is happening in the world market we do not know. So as soon as the Acrylonitrile market picks up, then the impact on the Acetonitrile prices will come. And Sir what were the prices in Q3FY20? It was about Rs. 270 to 280 per kg. It has come down to Rs. 250 to 255 per kg now. Secondly Sir with center now granting clearance for Hyderabad Pharma City, can you give us some sense on the opportunity size post this development? I do not know what others are doing but we have applied for loo acres. So far we did not receive any answer. They are still in the consultation mode only, Okay Sir thank you. Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ankit Gupta from Bamboo Capital. Please go ahead. In your initial remarks you were saying that the demand from pharmaceutical sector is expected to revive and lead for better results in Q4. So if you can broadly talk about this demand and where is it coming from? This is all natural growth in the pharma industry. What we have seen in the first and, second quarter about 52% to 53% of our products were going into pharma sector. This quarter we have seen 57% of our total products have gone to the pharma & API only. So, all the sectors in the pharmaceutical industry again are subject to this coronavirus

### 👤 Harish Kumar Gupta
Balof i Amines Limited

### 👤 February 03, 2020
in the past one-two weeks development. If this problem is solved, I think that there will be a better opportunity. Basically with the kind of shift that we have seen in Apls from China to India, so from a medium to long-term basis how do you see this shift impacting our demand? If your question is coronavirus related. . . No, not related to coronavirus. It is related to normal shift in API and chemicals that are shifting from China to India? In chemicals what we have seen in the last two quarters like second and third quarter - are the optimum quarters. I can say so it will continue like this at least for us at Balaji Amines. We were competing in few products like Morpholine, NMP and we will continue competing there. There should not be any pressure on us in the current financial year. That is more from end-user perspective. So has increasing shift from China to India for Apls and agrochemicals led to increase in demand for Amines as well as Amine derivatives? Definitely the natural growth of 10% to 15% will continue. Sir last question on the spreads for Methyl Amines and Ethyl Amines., So as the prices have come down, how are the spreads for both the products? It is same as in the last quarter because raw material prices have also gone down. Thus the overall margins are intact.. Thank you so much. Thank you. The next question is from the line of Harish Kumar Gupta, an individual investor. Please go ahead. Sir can you please tell me that how much volume we did last year? Sales was around 80,000 tonnes in FYl9 and this year we are expecting sales volumes to be more than 90,000 tonnes.. Okay so basically almost around I 0%, 12% growth in volumes we are expecting? So far we have achieved 7.5% volume growth.. Okay thank you.

### 👤 February 03, 2020
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Punit Mittal from Global Core Capital. Please go ahead. I think you have three expansion projects that you undertaking -Brownfield, Greenfield and Balaji Specialty Chemicals -this is my understanding. Except the Greenfield, the capex for Brown field and the Balaji Specialty Chemicals is done and the plants are up and running for both? Yes. So given that, then our Acetonitrile capacity should be 18,000 tonnes currently, correct? See 18,000 tonnes is a licensed capacity, but installed capacity is a 9000 tonnes based on the catalyst feed. Presently we are operating at 2,000 to 3,000 tonnes capacity and next year we will be doing 6,000 tonnes capacity. And this is the same line where you will also be manufacturing THF right? We are fully doing only Acetonitrile. The moment any price correction comes on the Acetonitrile front, we may go for the THF. The last question is on DMF. I remember couple of quarters back you are talking that the impolts were coming at Rs. 57-.58 per kg and now you are saying it is Rs. 75 per kg. But does that mean that we will be able to increase our DMF capacity utilization? There is a problem with one of the international plants and there is a problem in China for the shipping perspective. So these are the two reasons it has come into the short supply and where we got an advantage. We are selling at Rs. 75 per kg in the current scenario. So, if the China situation continues. You expect to have advantage for few more weeks going forward? Yes, definitely. Okay understood, thank you so much and all the best. Thank you. The next question is from the line of Shri Hari from PCS Securities. Please go ahead. Firstly on the coronavirus issue. May I know what is the total exposure to China in terns of sales, both direct and indirect?

### 👤 February 03,  2020
Direct is very small, there are only two products that we are exporting to China. One is Morpholine, on and off it is going. There is another product, namely DEEA which we export about one or two containers in a month. The indirect exposure? I do not see any indirect exposure. But import impact will be there as all the shipments from China has stopped... So for us we have an alternative, like we used to buy BDO sometimes. We are buying from the alternate sources like Taiwan, Saudi Arabia and Malaysia. Yes, so I presume that on the raw material side you do not have much of an issue there? Yes. On the product side you have introduced the DMC instead of IPA or MIPA for the mega project. So can you please tell us a little about that product? The Di-Methyl Carbonate goes in the API market .For polycarbonate it is one of the main raw material., As of now India is importing almost 8,000 tonnes of this product so nobody is producing this. We will be the first producers for this product. We are going to have a capacity of about 10,000 tonnes. Which API does it go into? Various Apls are there. Can you tell me what is the outlook for PVPK30? Presently we are operating at 60 to 70 tonnes per month of this product9 because have competition from China for the technical grade product. The pharma grade we are giving wherever the approval is ~ that is in Europe and to some of the domestic companies - we are selling almost 50 to 60 tonnes per month. It is operating at how much capacity utilization? It is almost 60% capacity utilization. Yes, the reason I am asking is because I presume if the virus issue continues to prolong, then the demand for this product may go up? Maybe, but what we see is that China is saying that it will open from loth of February '20. . If so, then there will not be a demand spike.

### 👤 February 03, 2020
Okay fine thank you. Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rajiv Roopani, an individual investor. Please go ahead. Regards to you Ram Reddy and the entire team. Sir I had a follow up question on Acetonitrile, so what I understand is our installed capacity is 9,000 tonnes and future capacity is 9,000 tonnes. We have been given the clearance by the Government of India to produce around 18,880 tonnes. Our installed capacity is about 9,000 tonnes So Sir just clarification I need is does THF license is separate or this 18,000 tonnes of Acetonitrile includes THF? No we have licensed capacity for THF separately. But we do not have a separate plant. We may go for a separate plant based on the market study for THF. What is the current prices for THF? THF is about Rs.140 to Rs.150 per kg. Sir I had a follow up question of DMF. Now you just informed earlier case we may get the anti-dumping duty soon. So if we get, then our capacity utilization for THF will improve from 20% to 65%? Yes. So since India imports more than 46,000 tonnes of DMF, do you see capacity utilization improving to 100% next year? It can but I am looking into the past experience. I have given very conservative figures. Out of 46,000 tonnes, selling 30000 tormes should not be a big problem. if the price permits. I had one more question. The new products which we are launching in Balaji Specialty Chemicals and that is also for the first time we are producing in India. Since we had a problem in selling DMF and using the entire capacity, do we see such problem would not occur in these products? I do not think that because for the DMF there is a lot of capacities in China. like almost 6 lakh tonnes. Whereas if you see the past several years hardly anything of EDA has come to India from China. So that is the reason we may even get some enquiries from

### 👤 Anubhav Sahu
Balof i Amines Limited

### 👤 February 03, 2020
China for this product. In China they have only one or two plants for EDA. It is mainly produced in Europe only You informed earlier MIPA and IPA we are not going to produce that because one of the competitors is planning to start its production. So I would like to know who is the competitor and do we plan to produce it in phase 11 of the Green field project? Because originally when we thought that we should produce this, at that time India was having a lot of advantage from the price point of view. Now the imports have come in huge quantities and prices have reduced, and very competitive prices coming up. And the alternate route has also developed for IPA. Earlier we were talking about the Propane route. Now it has come with the Acetone route also. So with these two things and in India a company is planning to manufacture these products with Acetone route, and they are having captive production of Acetone. That is the reason we just taken a step back to wait and see. So can we produce this in phase 11 of the Green field project? If the other products are much attractive than these, then we may not do this. We have many other products in the pipeline. One more question on DMAHCL. We have added about 7,500 tonnes of new capacity. So is that being utilized? That is again licensed capacity. We have not added any installed capacity. We havejust taken the license so that we can add 7,500 tonnes now by adding the equipments. But we have not done that because as of now we have production capacity of about 22500 tonnes. We are manufacturing about 20,000 tonnes only. That is the reason we are on wait and watch mode for no\v. And my last question on Balaji Greentech where we have about 13.5 acres of land. So what is the value now and do we plan to dispose it? The value currently quoted is around Rs. 26 to 27 Crore, but we are waiting now. If something comes, we may dispose it. We have not taken any decision as of now. Okay fine thank you. Thank you. The next question is from the line of Anubhav Sahu from MC Research. Please go ahead. Coming back to China situation, is there any pattern of shorter order book coming from the clients in the value chain, as maybe some of the clients in Pharma and agrochemical sector are not sure whether they will get all the raw materials required from China and Page 18 of23

### 👤 February 03, 2020
so are cutting down on order of matching products from us? I mean is such a scenario emerging? I am listening the same thing from the other people also., But practically I did not see the reason being maybe the people are consuming their inventories they are having because it is only three, four weeks right there must be something in the pipeline, for this type of impact may take a month's time. Because this kind of supply disruption from China has been happening for a while for one or the other reason. So if you as well as your client partners have also identified the situation that this can occur and that is why reasonable inventory is managed. What is the typical inventory which we look at? You rightly said because of the experience of this hurdles one or the other time it is happening, people are keeping the reasonable inventories of about 45 days. Second thing everybody has developed alternative sources from other places like Europe, USA and even developing in India which may have a little cost impact. So I do not think it will have any significant impact. I It may impact from cost point of view but there won't be any cut in production. Thank you. The next question is from the line of Kunal Mehta from Vallum Capital. Please go ahead. Sir can you throw some light on the GST benefit which you will receive on the mega project. How should we incorporate that, if we reach the targets, which are given for the next year? As I explained you in the last call also, suppose if I pay 18°/o on my sales, then I am eligible to get back 9% as a refund. So that will flow directly down to the bottomline? By 3 ls' March '20, I am expecting the certificate in hand whereby I will be in a position to claim this benefit from April `20 sales onwards... Suppose if I sell Rs. loo Crore, there will be Rs.18 Crore GST, out of which Rs. 9 Crore will be coming back to me as a refund and which will add back directly to the bottomline. One last question is that have we tried to get our hotel asset value and if can you give me the ballpark valuation if we ever tried to get this valued? This we have done one and half year back for the banker purpose, when it was valued at Rs.148 Crore. Thank you very much.

### 👤 Ram Reddy
Balof i Amines Limited

### 👤 February 03, 2020
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sachin Kasera from Swan Investments. Please go ahead. My question is regarding Balaji Specialty Chemicals. You have indicated that from June quarter we should see significant improvement in volumes. Earlier we were looking at that happening from the March quarter. So what gives us the confidence? We are talking from coming ]S' April '20 onwards the sales will ramp up from Balaji Specialty Chemicals. We were looking at even significant improvement in the March quarter itself. No, we never said. Because the customers are having their contracts up to March '20 from the imports, they are bound to buy from them to get their credit notes committed for the total year volumes. Sir regarding this Greenfield expansion I think earlier we were looking at a Capex of around 200 Crores., Now the presentation has mentioned capex around Rs. 150 Crore? Rs. 150 to 170 crore Yes. Yes, we have almost done capex of Rs. 60-70 Crore. We have started spending, we are getting some clear pictures. Originally it was estimated to be about Rs. 200-250 Crore. While spending we are getting the clarity now and are seeing capex of between Rs.150 to 170 Crore for these two projects. Thank you. Thank you. The next question is from the line of Punit Mittal from Global Core Capital. Please go ahead. I think there was a confusion before with me and some other participants in terms of your installed capacity versus license capacity. So in your presentation you are saying the future capacity is around 41,900 tonnes, out of which what do you currently fimly plan to add? I think some of the capacity like that of Acetonitrile, you are not right now planning to add. So what capacity are you definitely adding? The Greenfield Project is immediately going to add is ]6,500 tonnes capacity of Ethyl Amines and 10,000 tonnes of (DMC) Di-Methyl Corbonate. As for Acetonitrile, the only thing is we need to add catalyst to make it 9,000 tonnes. And we have an additional license capacity of 9,000 tonnes of Acetonitrile for which we need to spend money if we plan to add.

### 👤 Moderator
Balof i Amines Limited

### 👤 February 03, 2020
The next question is from the line of Amar Morya from Al fa Accurate Advisors. Please go ahead. Sir, if you can help us what would be the nine-month ballpark volume for the NMP and NEP and what would be the average prices? For NMP it is Rs.135 to 140 per kg and for NEP it is Rs.140 to 150 per kg. I do not have separate volume figures for these products in hand. Sir now in specialty chemicals, the bulk portion would be NMP, NEP, Morpholine and now a small contribution of Acetonitrile right? Yes. These are the broader contributors to the specialty chemicals? Yes. There are some small other products also like the DEEA, DMAE, DMU. But that would be very small, maybe not more than 1000 metric tonnes. Yes. Morpholine is the large quantity as part of specialty chemicals. Its price is Rs.135 per kg?

### 👤 Yes
So Sir now given the whatever we close the year say Rs. 950 to 1000 Crore. So next year as per my understanding, the key growth driver for us would be the scale up in production of Acetonitrile to around about 6,000 metric tonnes and whatever is the price based on that we will realize the revenue. Second growth driver would be the revenue from Balaji Specialty Chemicals? Capacity of 16,500 tonnes of Ethyl Amine will be becoming next year. We may get two or three months of production. So Ethyl Amines, the total capacity would be how much now Sir? After this expansion 22,500 tonnes., Presently we have capacity of 6,000 tonnes. We are adding 16,500 tonnes. Thank you. The next question is from the line of Harish Kumar GuptaO an individual investor. Please go ahead.

### 👤 February 03, 2020
Sir someone asked you that you have some land bank. What value did you tell, I missed that figure? This was a old company which has been merged that is Balaji Greentech. In that company we have land parcel of about 13 acres. It is in Telengana near Sadasivpet and about the current quoted price is about Rs. 25 to 26 Crore. Okay thank you. Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rajiv Roopani, an individual investors. Please go ahead. Sir one follow up question on Balaji Specialty Chemicals. Sir last time you had talked about a product called AEP. AEEA and AEP. Amino Ethyl Piperazine? Yes, Amino Ethyl Piperazine, Amino Ethyl Ethanolamine - these two products. So are we going to produce that in Balaji Specialty Chemicals? Yes but is very small quantity. AEEA which was not originally estimated but we are getting about 5 tonnes per day.. Lastly now in Balaji Specialty Chemicals, we have taken 55% stake for about Rs. 66 Crore. So by when do we plan to make it 100%? It will take sometime, maybe coming years, maybe one or two years. At an appropriate time we will do it. Okay thank you. Thank you. The next question is from the line of Anubhav Sahu from MC Research. Please go ahead. Just wanted to know on the Ranitidine impact on the volume. There was some damage, but that has been rectified. That has been responded by all the manufactures and it has restarted, as everybody is producing now. Now they have started talking on Metformin again.

### 👤 February 03, 2020
Yes. So Sir, what are the key parameters now that the API companies, given this kind of impurity that has been on the talk. They were asking for the impurity levels. What we are using? Are we using any other products like solvents which will remain as a impurity, which will cause this NDMA type of thing. Those clarifications people are asking. We are testing in third party laboratories and we are submitting the reports to whoever has asked and whenever is asked. This is a continuous process. Got it Sir, what I ain looking to ask is that because on the quality side probably we are on a better side. So is there any structural opportunity emerging because of that? No, this is not that serious what we are thinking., They asked about the NDMA impurities and we are testing., See the product is manufactured by many raw materials and ours is one of them. So, they have to test from all the raw material suppliers from wherever they source So whatever is sourced from our side we are testing and keeping ready the information for whoever is asking and we are submitting the answer. Got it, okay that is all from my side. Thank you sir, Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen that was the last question. I would now like to hand the conference over to the management for closing comments. Thank you very much. Overall we have created a sound hedged portfolio of products. We are continuously striving to better the product profile and innovate on manufacturing front to compete effectively and efficiently in the end markets. We expect Q4 FY2020 to be better than the first three quarters of this fiscal year as we are likely to witness better volume offtake. In FY2021 we expect a significant contribution to flow in from the subsidiary company. The construction of phase I of Green field project will also be completed in FY202l and we are also hopeful of getting couple of months of operations from the mega project in the next fiscal year. We are very focused on next level growth and upscale for Balaji Amines over the next three four years. -specifically the Green field expansion will lead to installation of 16500 tonnes of manufacturing capacity of Ethyl Amines, post which the company will have the largest installed capacity of Ethyl Amines in India at 22,500 tons per annum. We shall also witness ramping up of Acetonitrile production and ramping up of production at Balaji Specialty Chemicals. With these factors kicking in, we definitely expect that the coming two-three years will be better. Thank you once again for showing the confidence in the company and we will do our best for our shareholders. Thank you very much. Thank you. On behalf of Edelweiss Professional Investor Research that concludes this conference. Thank you forjoining us and you may now disconnect your lines.

## Q&A
