
# 3BBLACKBIO - Fallback_Transcript_56

## Behavioral Analysis
✅ **[STABILITY]** No severe behavioral manipulation thresholds breached.

## Preparation
### 👤 Dear Sir/Madam,
Please find the enclosed herewith Investor’s Presentation / Company Update of Agrochemicals and Diagnostic Kits (Health Care) for your information and necessary action. Thanking you, Yours faithfully,

### 👤 Encl
a/a Transformation of Kilpest India Ltd. into

### 👤 3B BlackBio Dx Ltd.
Our stakeholders know that “Everyone wants to live on top of the mountain, but all the happiness and growth occurs while you're climbing it.” Thank You for being part of this journey…. let’s cherish beautiful and joyful journey ahead! Thinking big with business transformation It is an opportunity to redefine a bold ambition that goes beyond incremental change……the opportunity to rethink your business and operating models to deliver breakthrough value. Farmers trusted Agro- input partner for 48 years Reliable & affordable healthcare diagnostic solutions

### 👤 Safe Habour
This presentation and the accompanying slides (the “Presentation”), which have been prepared by Kilpest India Limited and 3B BlackBio Biotech India Limited (the “Company”), have been prepared solely for information purposes and do not constitute any offer, recommendation or invitation to purchase or subscribe for any securities, and shall not form the basis or be relied on in connection with any contract or binding commitment what so ever. No offering of securities of the Company will be made except by means of a statutory offering document containing detailed information about the Company. This Presentation has been prepared by the Company based on information and data which the Company considers reliable, but the Company makes no representation or warranty, express or implied, whatsoever, and no reliance shall be placed on, the truth, accuracy, completeness, fairness and reasonableness of the contents of this Presentation. This Presentation may not be all inclusive and may not contain all of the information that you may consider material. Any liability in respect of the contents of, or any omission from, this Presentation is expressly excluded. Certain matters discussed in this Presentation may contain statements regarding the Company’s market opportunity and business prospects that are individually and collectively forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, the performance of the Indian economy and of the economies of various international markets, the performance of the industry in India and world-wide, competition, the company’s ability to successfully implement its strategy, the Company’s future levels of growth and expansion, technological implementation, changes and advancements, changes in revenue, income or cash flows, the Company’s market preferences and its exposure to market risks, as well as other risks. The Company’s actual results, levels of activity, performance or achievements could differ materially and adversely from results expressed in or implied by this Presentation. The Company assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking information contained in this Presentation. Any forward-looking statements and projections made by third parties included in this presentation are not adopted by the Company and the Company is not responsible for such third party statements and projections.

### 👤 Present Scenario of Kilpest India Ltd. (Holding Company)
Kilpest is in the business of formulations of Agrochemical products. This business has traditionally Low margins Longer working capital cycle Blockade of working capital due to possible crop failure and poor monsoon or floods Stiff competition and low entry barriers The above factors make the business less remunerative and low profitable. As a strategic decision, company decided to venture into design and development of molecular diagnostics business in 2012-13. Now the journey of business transformation begins……..

### 👤 Present Scenario of 3B BlackBio (Subsidiary Company)
3B BlackBio Biotech (I) Ltd. with its TRUPCR® brand of products is committed to design and develop molecular diagnostics products of superior quality and value that continuously improves the patient’s life. We focus on providing growth opportunities to our customers, employees, associates, channel partners and all other stakeholders. The sales have been growing at 40% CAGR since 2017 In Q1 of 2020, historical sales of Rs. 50.16 Cr was recorded with an EBITDA of Rs. 36.14 Cr for Diagnostic Kits and Business continues to perform well. On 19th June 3B BlackBio became the first ever Indian molecular diagnostics company to receive US FDA-(EUA) Till 31st August, 29,19,800 tests were sold establishing itself as one of the most reputed/trusted supplier of COVID- 19 RT-PCR kits to the Government of India and over 120 private labs across India. Company continues to sell 20,000 to 30,000 Covid-19 RT-PCR tests per day. Business volume to improve further, once Exports restrictions are eased. The company has a highly experienced and qualified team of scientists working in development of new products 3B has the largest product range consisting of Oncology and Infectious segments. The company has over 180 customers across 50 cities in India and has exported to various parts of UK, South East Asia, Middle East, East Africa.

### 👤 Rationale for Amalgamation
The management prime focus is to run and grow the Diagnostic business. Hence, 3B BlackBio is being amalgamated with Kilpest and all assets (land, building and equipment) of Kilpest will be dedicated to diagnostic business. The Amalgamated company will be grown not only in Molecular Diagnostics, but also in other fields like Rapid Cards (based on Antigen and Antibodies) and other related scalable business verticals. Kilpest will continue to run as an Independent division for some time till the company finds a suitable buyer for its Agrochemical Division to sell its brands and other intangible assets. As a result of amalgamation of 3B BlackBio (Diagnostic business) with Kilpest, finally we would have a single company to be renamed as 3B BlackBio Dx Ltd. which will be classified as a Diagnostic company and will have over 90% of revenues from Diagnostics Business. The listed company would be renamed as 3B BlackBio Dx Ltd. in order to solely focus on growth and development of Diagnostic business. Gradually, all immovable assets including land (2 acres) and factory building would be fully utilized for the growth and expansion of 3B BlackBio Dx Ltd. and Research & Development Activities in the field of Diagnostic business.

### 👤 SWAP Ratio & Effects
Existing Paid up Equity Capital of Kilpest is 75,08,100 (No. of Shares) of Rs. 10/- each Kilpest is holding 87.44% (8,98,500 shares) in 3B BlackBio’s total equity of 10,27,500 shares Pursuant to the scheme of amalgamation 10,74,570 new fully paid up equity shares of Kilpest will be issued to the remaining shareholders of 3B BlackBio, holding 1,29,000 (12.56%) shares at a SWAP ratio of 8.33 shares of Kilpest for 1 share in 3B BlackBio. The 8,98,500 shares held by Kilpest in 3B BlackBio will get cancelled as per process of amalgamation. Expanded Equity Capital of Kilpest (to be renamed as 3B BlackBio Dx Ltd.) will become 85,82,670 Equity shares of Rs. 10/- each (

### 👤 Existing  Shares
75,08,100 shares + New Shares to be allotted: 10,74,570 shares). As a result of this increased equity, every existing shareholder of Kilpest will become direct owner of the Amalgamated company in a ratio of 0.8748%. The Listed entity shall be renamed as 3B BlackBio Dx Ltd. so that all the stakeholders of Kilpest will directly share the growth and fruitful journey of “Diagnostic Business”. Farmers trusted Agro-input partner for 48 years Reliable & affordable healthcare diagnostic solutions

## Q&A
