
# ASTRAZEN - Fallback_Transcript_28

## Behavioral Analysis
✅ **[STABILITY]** No severe behavioral manipulation thresholds breached.

## Preparation
### 👤 Page 1 of 33
“AstraZeneca Pharma India Limited - 43rd Annual General Meeting (AGM) held through Video Conference”

### 👤 Mr. Vimlesh Maheshwari – Finance Controller
:

### 👤 Moderator
Good afternoon ladies and gentlemen. We will now commence the 43rd Annual General Meeting of AstraZeneca Pharma India Limited being conducted through video conferencing. For smooth conduct of the meeting, all the lines of the Shareholders will be on mute. The audio and video of the speaker Shareholders will be enabled once they are invited to speak at the AGM by the Chairman. The proceedings of the AGM are also being recorded. Without any delay, I hand over to Mr. Narayan K. Seshadri,

### 👤 Chairman of the Board of Directors, AstraZeneca India for
conducting the AGM proceedings. Over to you, sir.

### 👤 Narayan
K.

### 👤 Seshadri
Thank you. Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. On behalf of the Board of Directors, I extend a warm welcome to you all to the 43rd

### 👤 Annual General Meeting of AstraZeneca Pharma India Limited
being conducted over video conferencing. It is now a little after 3 PM. My apologies for the slight delay. The meeting is validly constituted. Pratap, can you confirm whether we have the requisite quorum please?

### 👤 Rudra
Yes, Sir. I confirm the requisite quorum is present to start the proceedings.

### 👤 Narayan
K.

### 👤 Seshadri
Thank you. I call the meeting to order. Before I turn to the formal agenda of the meeting, I would like to introduce the Directors present for the meeting. They are all virtual, of course. We have Mr.

### 👤 Committee;
Ms.

### 👤 Relationship Committee and the Corporate Social Responsibility
Committee. I am Narayan Seshadri, the Chairman of the Board. We also have with us Mr. Pratap Rudra, Company Secretary and Legal Counsel. Mr. Ankush Nandra - Non-Executive Director has conveyed his inability to attend the meeting due to certain unavoidable commitments and has sought leave of absence. I record that the authorized representatives of the Statutory Auditors, Secretarial Auditor and the Scrutinizer are also virtually present in this meeting. I also record that all feasible planning and execution has been done for enabling electronic participation and voting of the members for this AGM. It is confirmed that the electronic voting is available throughout the AGM. I will now take up the formal proceedings of the Annual General Meeting. Relevant documents referred to in the notice calling the AGM, Register of Directors and Key Managerial Personnel and their Shareholding and Register of Contracts or Arrangements in which Directors are interested maintained under the Companies Act, 2013 are available for inspection by the members electronically. Members seeking to inspect such documents can send email to the Company Secretary at the mail comp.secy@astrazeneca.com. Pursuant to Section 145 of the Companies Act 2013, qualifications, observations or comments on the financial transactions or matters which have any adverse effect on the functioning of the Company

### 👤 Page 4 of 33
mentioned in the Auditor’s Report shall be read at the Annual General Meeting. Since there is no observation, qualification or comment by the Statutory Auditors in their report, which have any adverse effect on the functioning of the Company, the Auditor’s Report does not require to be read. With your kind permission, now, I will read out the Chairman’s statement, a copy of which will also be made available on the Company’s website. Again, a warm welcome to all esteemed Shareholders, Members of the Board, and distinguished ladies and gentlemen to the 43rd Annual General Meeting of your Company AstraZeneca. I hope that you and your family members are doing well and safe. We are yet again gathering virtually for this annual meeting, but I am confident that our next edition will provide us a long-awaited opportunity for a physical meet. The Board’s Report and audited Financial Statements for the financial year ended March 31, 2022, have been with you for some time now. I will, with your kind permission, take them as read. Let me take this opportunity to share key information pieces about the progress AstraZeneca India has made in the previous financial year. COVID-19 posed a severe threat to the entire world in the past couple of years. The organization globally has created a class support research capabilities over the years. A global and constant focus over enriching this function within the organization formed the bedrock for one of the historic partnerships with Oxford University. With right partnership at the right time, AstraZeneca Global was able to produce life-saving vaccine to beat COVID-19 virus worldwide. AstraZeneca globally is estimated to have helped prevent 6 million plus excess deaths between 8th December 2020 and 8th December 2021. It is also estimated to have helped save

### 👤 Page 5 of 33
over 6 million lives between 8th December 2020 and December 2021 in India specifically. The vaccine is estimated to have helped save over 3.8 million lives between 8th December 2020 and 8th December 2021. AstraZeneca is proud to have made a significant contribution to fight against COVID-19 on a global scale and you all should share that pride with us for the rest of our lives. Dear shareholders, we all together face multiple threats created by COVID-19 in the past couple of years. With its recurring variance, it disrupted lives in many ways. Your company was no different. In the past two years led us to take many decisions in the benefit of our employees, partners, and our primary stakeholder patients. During these challenging times, safety, health, and well-being of employees continue to be the focus of the Company as we provided medical counseling and help lines including dedicated ones for mental well- being have been made available for all employees and their families. The hybrid working models integrating work from home alongside physical workspace has ensured business continuity while at the same time facilitating a more inclusive and engaged workforce. The return to office has been meticulously planned with adequate provisions to ensure safety and well-being of all employees. These initiatives and facilities have helped the Company achieve its financial goals for 2021 and it remains firmly on track to deliver its strategic goals. We have emphasized on a futuristic approaching everything we do. Much before the lockdowns were forced upon us due to COVID-19, we started a project to leverage technology and craft an Omni channel approach, interlaced virtual solutions to connect with HCPs on a day-to-day basis. The pandemic encouraged the use of this model across functions in the organization and was well received by all partners. Also, the futuristic thinking gave us an edge and saved

### 👤 Page 6 of 33
a lot of time for us just when we needed it the most. Today, this approach has increased flexibility and productivity of our employees while being able to connect with HCPs on their high-quality interaction. Our people have shown remarkable dedication, agility, and resilience through the year in unprecedented circumstances. This includes the hundreds of employees who have continued to work in our manufacturing facilities throughout the pandemic to ensure our vital medicines continue to reach patients and healthcare professionals. Their effort have meant that despite the challenges, we enter 2022 with a pipeline that is stronger, commercial execution that is sharper, and a higher level of confidence in our ability to provide patients with life-saving medicines. Fiscal year '21-'22. Moving to your Company's performance during fiscal year '21-'22, significant progress was made in delivering its science-led and patient-focused strategy in India. Your Company's business has been growing driven by an innovative portfolio in therapy areas of high disease burden, rich global R&D pipeline, good governance, and commercial excellence. The Company has registered sales of Rs. 7,614 million as against the last year sales of Rs. 7,768 million and achieved a total comprehensive income of Rs. 599 million during the financial year '21-'22. The growth platform of the Company continues to perform well with innovative molecules like Forxiga, Xigduo, Symbicort, Onglyza, Kombiglyze, Brilinta continuing to deliver. The newer launches of innovative molecules like Imfinzi and increasing potential of indications for molecules like Lynparza have begun to make an impact in improving the lives of cancer patients and cater to hitherto

### 👤 Page 7 of 33
and an unmet need. Brilinta continues to be the market leader in oral anti-platelet category. We have witnessed the launch of over 30 generics in the past year following the patent expiry of Ticagrelor in 2019, but due to its value proposition, we believe that it will sustain its market leadership and save even more patient lives in the coming years. The Company's innovative brands of SGLT2i have felt the impact of 100 plus generic brands, which have been launched as the portfolio, which has traditionally been a growth engine with double-digit growth, registering revenue decline in FY 21-22. The Company hopes to prioritize brands of Dapagliflozin by kickstarting a new growth phase for the brand and maximize its potential for newer indication. Symbicort, the Company's ICS/LABA inhaler with an innovative delivery mechanism continues to be one of the fastest growing ICS/LABA brands. Fasenra has seen good patient enrollments while gaining a lot of interest from HCPs. We hope that Fasenra with its superior value proposition will redefine the standard of care for the management of severe asthma. Company's oncology portfolio spans the areas of women's cancer, lung cancer, prostrate, and hematology and has been the growth engine for the Company. The Company was the second fastest growing MNC in India last year as per IPSOS market data and ranked fifth in terms of value, moving up in ranking by two spots from 2020. TAGRISSO is the leading brand in lung cancer by sales value while Lynparza is the number one ovarian cancer brand. Imfinzi continues

### 👤 Page 8 of 33
to recruit newer patients and make significant contributions to lung franchise. The growing preference for CALQUENCE and steady rise in patient enrollment since its launch in October 2020 marks our foray into the space of hemat-oncology as a safer BTKI option for patients suffering with CLL and RR MCL. Moving on to the macroeconomic overview India is the sixth largest economy in terms of 2022 GDP rankings with an estimated GDP of US $ 3.29 trillion. The country was the fastest growing major economy in 2021 with a GDP growth of 8.9%. With the Government's attention focused on containing the outbreak, progress on delivery of key health care reforms is likely to slow temporarily given the toll the disaster has taken on government finances. In the medium to longer term, it is hoped that the crisis will lead to an increase in government healthcare spending and more effective approach to reform in the health care. Several key initiatives and structural reforms are expected to exert a positive influence on the economy with the notable ones being GPM Gatishakti aimed at developing infrastructure for improving connectivity and commerce, Aatmanirbhar Bharat, focus on augmenting capacity for sustainable energy and proliferation of technology and digital solution across sectors. Indian pharmaceutical market The estimated size of Indian pharmaceutical market for 21-22 is Rs. 185,498 crore (US $24.7 billion). The growth of 18.2% (value over '20-'21) is a significant increase from prior year's growth of 4.3% (value over '20-'21).This can be attributed to a surge in uptake of

### 👤 Page 9 of 33
acute therapies such as respiratory and COVID related therapies of anti-infectives, pain management, and vitamins, and supplements. Domestic India companies accounted for 82% share of the market with a growth of 19.7% while the MNCs grew at 11.9%. Some of the growth drivers behind this growth are shift from communicable to lifestyle diseases or NCDs, quicker regulatory approvals, public initiatives to improve access to healthcare, increasing health insurance coverage, increasing adoption of telemedicine and digital platform, and increasing proliferation of e-pharmacies.

### 👤 Operations
Excellent, safety, and quality performance at manufacturing site continued with zero lost time injury and no critical observations in both internal and external quality audits. Through focus on Lean, significant tangible benefits were derived. Simplification and digitalization moved to the next level with adoption of simple but effective tools like batch release visualization. The Company's Lean journey continues to focus on uplifting people and machine capabilities. Manufacturing operations executed several projects to meet supply, safety, quality, and sustainability related requirements.

### 👤 Outlook
In FY22-23, the Company will continue to prioritize investments in its focus areas in line with its global growth platforms. The

### 👤 Company
continues to be committed

### 👤 in
making novel therapies/indications available for patients in India. A conducive regulatory pathway remains key for determining feasibility and speed of new launches and the Company will continue to pursue accelerated regulatory milestones leveraging its stellar clinical operations

### 👤 and
evidence generation capabilities wherever

### 👤 Page 10 of 33
applicable. Your Company has introduced a couple of new indications and products in the recent past. Notable launches in cardiovascular, renal, metabolic (CVRM) business include heart failure and chronic kidney disease indications for Forxiga. Our respiratory franchise also had a new inclusion into the portfolio last year. Fasenra is helping redefine management of severe asthma in the country. A few notable recent approvals in the oncology include use of TAGRISSO in early-stage Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer in patients with positive EGFR mutation and use of Lynparza in pancreatic, prostate and ovarian cancers. Your Company will maintain a strong focus on cost optimization and controls. Management is undertaking measures to reduce unproductive, discretionary and non-customer facing spends. Management also continues to develop simple and more effective processes to encourage accountability and improve decision making and communication. Moving on to the corporate social responsibility Inspired by our values and what science can do, the Company is focused on accelerating the delivery of life-changing medicines that create enduring value for patients and society. The Company is committed to operating in a way that recognizes the interconnection between business growth, the needs of society and the limitations of our planet. In the year 2021, while at one end, the Company continued our focus on access to healthcare, the company also looked at ways we can contribute in protecting the environment. The Company's flagship initiative Ganga Godavari Screening Program continued its focus on early detection via preventive

### 👤 Page 11 of 33
screening of non-communicable diseases in the under resourced communities. We touched over 6,500 beneficiaries through the program. We also focused on better heart health. In Jammu and Kashmir, we collaborated with Ummeed Foundation and joined a no heart attack mission envisaged by Padmashree Dr. Upendra Kaul. Our global youth, young health program expanded its boundaries from Delhi to Karnataka this year. An over a decade old program implemented in multiple communities of Delhi helped us build a modern community development approach that could influence behaviors, especially in youngsters between 10 and 24 years of age. Thus far, the program has over 21 health information centers that are the focal points in identified communities helping us spread the right information on NCD prevention and management from generating awareness to identifying sustainable solutions to influence behavior. AZ Forest initiative by the Company looks forward to restoring forests and biodiversity by planting trees worldwide in partnership with local governments and non-profit organizations. In India, with an aim to convert a denuded area of land into a lush green forest to create an ecosystem involving community,

### 👤 Company
collaborated with SankalpTaru Foundation focused on afforestation throughout India and providing livelihood to farmers along the way. We flagged off a mass sapling plantation campaign in Bengaluru and committed to planting 5,000 smartly geotagged trees in phase one that would enable individualistic tracking and each plant remotely. Taking the promise of care forward with an underlying objective of adherence to treatment, the Company committed to fulfill the wishes of about 830 children suffering from critical ailments across the country in collaboration with Make-A-Wish Foundation. The

### 👤 Page 12 of 33
Company supported a series of 11 events organized either virtually or on-ground across Bengaluru, Goa, Mumbai, Kolkata, Jaipur, Delhi, Pune, Hyderabad, Chennai, Ahmedabad and Baroda in an effort to reach out as many children between the age of 3 to 18 years as possible and leave them with joyous memories. Our community level support during COVID-19 was also a multi- pronged one. Once the vaccination drive against COVID-19 began in India, vaccine hesitancy became the next big matter of concern. There were multiple reports emerging from different regions where general public was hesitant to administer their dose due to myths, fear of side effects and misconceptions. This needed quick and strong community intervention to ensure that more and more people came forward for vaccination of both the doses to curb the spread of COVID-19 infection. AstraZeneca, recognizing the gap, made an effort to strengthen community action for the COVID vaccination drive throughout pan- India. Vaccination hesitancy program was curated with two-fold objectives: supporting government efforts to combat the outbreak of COVID-19 in the country by addressing vaccine hesitancy and promoting COVID appropriate behavior through community-led action. AstraZeneca India collaborated to curate and support COVID vaccination campaign for end-to-end outreach in Bawana and Jahangirpuri area of North Delhi to promote COVID appropriate behavior and thereby improve the vaccine uptake through community mobilization. The target groups in the project included men and women, children from these resettlement colonies. Over 11,000 people were vaccinated, about 40,000 reached with targeted messages through 7,300 household visits and over 395,000 people were sensitized on COVID appropriate behavior and COVID-19 vaccination through mass awareness.

### 👤 Page 13 of 33
The Company's Back to School campaign was curated given a need found at the ground level where people started putting their children away from school once the lockdown were lifted. This three-month long campaign in two communities of New Delhi had a straightforward objective to mobilize parents and nudge them to ensure that the education for their children continued. With the help of local youth and peer educators, this program saw participation from 5,400 parents, over 1,500 hundred education kits distribution to young girls and 1,200 safety kits were distributed to help children return to school. Finally, I take this opportunity to express my sincere appreciation for the support of all our stakeholders including shareholders, employees, business associates, bankers,

### 👤 Government
departments, State Government of Karnataka, the healthcare community, and last but not the least, patients for their confidence repost in AstraZeneca. I place on record the Board's deep appreciation of the active assistance given by the AstraZeneca Group in addressing and responding to many complex issues and challenges encountered by the Company during the year. Finally, I thank my colleagues on the Board for their contribution and commitment to the growth of the Company and for their wise counsel and support. Thank you. Now, before I take formal items on the agenda, I request Mr. Gagandeep Singh Bedi - Managing Director to make a corporate presentation to the members.

### 👤 Singh Bedi
Thank you, sir, for the opportunity. Very good afternoon. Thank you, and welcome to the 43rd Annual General Meeting. Next slide please. Here's a disclaimer which you can go through, but largely, the objective is that this presentation is for this general information purpose only. Next slide please.

### 👤 Page 14 of 33
Yes. These are the levers that enable our progress. Our strategic priorities remain accelerating the innovative size, delivering growth and be a leadership, being a great place to work for our employees and delivering on the financial targets. Next slide please. This is the agenda of my presentation, and I will begin with global update. Next slide please. 2021 was an exceptional year for us. We delivered revenues of 37 billion with a 38% growth at a global level. Of course, it did include, you know, our COVID vaccine Vaxzevria, which is close to about 4 billion, and we had rare diseases as well as part of this overall this thing, but if you look at it, it was a quite a broad-based performance across therapeutic areas and overall an EPS of $5, which was a 37 % growth. Next slide please. I think this is a really important to see that we are a very diversified company. We are not dependent on one or two products. We have significant footprint across different therapeutic areas like oncology, CVRM and also, in terms of geographical presence, we are also quite diversified and especially with emerging markets close to about 24% of the contribution, and hence, we believe we have a very sustainable model for growth. Next slide please. We have our global CEO acknowledging the take home he talks about is a strong growth trajectory industry leading R&D productivity, five of our medicines touching blockbuster levels and more importantly, you know, we are having 5 new molecular entities and 14 positive phase three readouts across nine medicines in 2021 with the potential to change the standard of care in multiple diseases which augurs always very well for our future. Next slide please.

### 👤 Page 15 of 33
I will come to Indian macro economy and overview. Chairman has covered very eloquently of what AstraZeneca has achieved in really bringing the Country out of the pandemic as well as the fact the number of lives we have saved, along with that, how strongly India's GDP is rebounding back and is one of the fastest growing markets. Now, if you look at health care closely, I think one of the things we continue to be dependent on is we are still largely an out-of-pocket market or we have got government health care expenditure at 27%, but what's really important is that it is improving and is currently 2.1% and well on track to achieve our 2025 goal of 2.5% spent of GDP by Government on the health.IPM, we talked about the IPM in the Chairman's address, but what's really important to see is that increasingly, you are beginning to see that multinational pie stabilizing around 18 to 20% and also the revenue share of patented medicines growing much faster than the overall share of the market. Next slide please. The Company update. Next slide please. And these are the highlights of our performance in 2021. We are the second fastest growing oncology company in India. A couple of our drugs have already touched leadership positions. So, wherever we are competing, we are beginning to lead, be it in Lynparza, Tagrisso, Brilinta. Fasenra, which is a great relief for severe asthma patients was launched in April 2021 and has touched about 200 patients, and we have got the fastest growing ICS LABA brand as well. Next slide please. And apologies for a real busy slide, but that is the impact we have. While you see labels of drugs here, behind these are patients who are really looking at an impact on their diseases, impact on their quality of life, impact on their survival and that is what the story of

### 👤 Page 16 of 33
this chart is. You can see it is quite a busy chart because our pipeline is buzzing with oncology, CVRM as well as respiratory. Next slide please. We return to strong double-digit growth and poised to continue this momentum. While we had a tough year, given the fact that we had Dapagliflozin, which had generic challenges come through, so you can see at the start of the year, we had a pretty grim start. But, if you see on the right-hand side quarter-on-quarter, our sales growth traction clearly shows that we have exited the year at a position of strength and that is what we are carrying in the first quarter as well. But, if you back out Dapa, which was a one-off effect where we took price correction as well as face the generic competition, our growth was a very, very impressive 26%. Next slide please. Yes. I will cover each of the therapy areas briefly. Next slide please. Beginning with oncology where our portfolio is accelerating towards the number one position, the Chairman covered in his speech as well. But here it is. We are growing much faster than where our cohorts of MNCs are or overall top 10 companies are. Our ranking has improved from number seven now to number five and most importantly, we have a very diversified growth, because it is happening across brands and across therapeutic areas, and it is not just restricted only to new age oncology drugs. Even Zoladex is growing at 49%, which is a 20-year-old medicine. Next slide please. How are we being able to achieve this? Because it is not just about bringing new drugs into the market, but we are also transforming the way oncology is treated, whether it is an impact in diagnostics where we have introduced newer and newer diagnostic, companion diagnostics over the years and the latest being HRD as an

### 👤 Page 17 of 33
HRRgene panel, embracing digital where we reaching out to physicians and you know, and our content rates are greater than 45% in the open rates, as well as strengthening our partnership with technology companies to really deliver on transforming diagnostics as well, which is the Qure.ai as well as Predible who use AI led diagnostics. An innovative access program is making more and more patients afford our drugs whether it is in terms of pay for performance, micro financing, and we are also shaping the market with patient navigators as well as genetic counselors. So, a great impact overall from an organization perspective in really shaping the oncology market. Next slide please. We take a disease approach when it comes to cardiovascular as well, because we believe it's a metabolic disorder and rather than just, you know, diabetes or cardiovascular in isolation and that's what you see, and what we are attempting to do here is largely establishing a disease-based approach across CVRM continuum and delivering portfolio value and innovative patient solutions. So, across the disease spectrums, we have got our presence and we have got opportunity to really shape the market from dyslipidemia to CKD to type 2 diabetes as well and now we have added over the last year in heart failure as well as CKD, chronic kidney disease as well. Next slide please. The resultant is there to see. Across brands, we continue to grow in spite of all the generic challenges. Our Forxiga volume growth was 4%. Our Brilinta growth was respectable in double digits in spite of having 30 plus generics in the Brilinta space and our core CV as well had a strong growth. In terms of science dissemination, we continue to be a leader and continue to invest in innovation and collaborations, and I will cover some of them a little bit later as well.

### 👤 Page 18 of 33
Next slide please. Our respiratory business grew at an unprecedented 82% and this was on back of a remarkable comeback by Symbicort post the 2020 challenges and you know, and the momentum is expected to continue, but more importantly, we also were able to introduce Fasenra in spite of the pandemic, in spite of the challenges, we went ahead and made sure that patients had a solution here, and you can see some of the testimonials there where a young patient talks about that he can walk at a stretch now after years .So, that is the impact this drug is having and as you can see, we are seeing exponential growth in the patients' on boarding. Overall, we are shaping the market by really raising the profile of severe asthma and we are talking about really setting up 15 precision clinics pan India to identify the severe asthma patients. Next slide please. Next slide please. Our commitment to uninterrupted supply of medicines to patients continued through last year in spite of having a debilitating start to the last year with the Delta wave that the Country experienced. We made sure with safeguarding the health of adjoining communities and also safeguarding the health of our employees. Next slide please. Again, we are transforming the patient lives by accelerating digital adoption across touch points. So, I think, we believe that digital is here to really fast forward our outreach to patients as well as create a channel by which they can really experience a therapy rather than a product itself, and that's where you see a series of initiatives, whether it is in increasing our HCP reach through white space, whether it is in Take Care of Me where we talk about creating a system of care, which is not just delivering a pill but a beyond pill

### 👤 Page 19 of 33
effort or you know, talking about beyond sugar campaign, which saw over a million plus impressions. For internal employees as well, we are adopting digital and you know, creating learning opportunities with available degree program, mind tools as well, which is really helping in transforming our organization for future. And in terms of analytics and insights, a lot of digital tools have been introduced to make sure that our decision making is sharp and on time. Next slide please. And you can see the impact through our digital acceleration, whether it is system of care where over 1,000 plus HCPs have adopted a virtual clinic to treat over 1.3 million patients in diabetes and whether it is in terms of pharmacist or e-learning, that we are making that impact. Our VAE emails delivered an increase of 65% in open rate as well as we are looking at significant analytics and insights internally to make sure that our decision making is absolutely sharp. Next slide please. We are committed to furthering healthcare innovation and as you can see, we are partnering across whether it is India-Sweden Innovation Center, whether it is NASSCOM or AIIMS Jodhpur, but our whole effort is to really find solutions which will help in making sure that patients are reached with innovative solutions, whether it is in disease education, whether it is in AI-based healthcare or IoT and AI-based diagnostic solutions. We have scaled 10 plus solutions there. Along with that, we are upskilling the nurses, especially in non- communicable diseases and making sure that the best of counseling is delivered to the patients and care with 1,400 plus nurses upskilling, which has already happened, and 40,000 patients

### 👤 Page 20 of 33
who have been touched. With Project Heartbeat, we are leveraging AI and cloud-based technology in making sure that we are reducing the time from an event to intervention for the patients and with system of care, which I spoke about, we are providing a virtual clinic of holistic management of diabetes and renal disease. Next slide please. We are continuing to support communities in COVID-19. I would not elaborate. The Chairman spoke about how we help in Back-to- School campaign, but these are some of the photographs that you can see the impact we are having on the community. Next slide please. Next slide please. Our sustainability, again, built up a momentum after a slowdown in 2020 because of the lockdowns. We saw Ganga-Godavari initiative where we partnered with BHU and screened over 6,000 women for oral cervical and breast cancer and 220 positive suspects have been referred to hospitals for further diagnosis. But more importantly, a hybrid awareness campaign was launched, which held over 18 million population through radio spots, patient stories and influencer-based digital media campaign. Our YHP, which is our effort for over a decade, you know, has now also added Karnataka to the list of programs that we had in Delhi and targeting over 50,000 people in Bangalore in its first year itself. Just reminding you of the impact of this program. We have reached 460,000 young people and growing 140,000 plus community reach. Our Healthy Heart program continues with No Heart Attack Mission 2025, which is in collaboration, and we had the Chairman touch upon it. Next slide please. AZ Forest, some of the pictures that you can see, a small step, but I believe something in future we like to do more of and Grant-A-Wish, which is very close to our heart where our employees participate

### 👤 Page 21 of 33
with young patients who were suffering from cancer and make their wishes come true. Next slide please. Next slide please. We are very proud for the fact that we continue to believe have majority of our employees 84% believe AstraZeneca is a great place to work and 88% of employees believe that they have improved or learned new skills or had a development opportunity. So, engagement scores are high. Learning opportunity is high and 92% of them believe that AZ demonstrates a commitment for safety and well-being of our employees and that has led to several external recognitions like Great Place to Work, Working Mother, Avtar as well as to be recognized as one of the best companies to work for. Next slide please. These are some of the recognitions that we have got as AZ efforts during the pandemic as you can see, with the honorable state health minister, and you have seen some of the media coverages as well. Next slide please. This is my last slide on key priorities going forward. We continue with our big and bold ambition. We believe we can make a difference to patient's life with our medicines whether it is in oncology or scientific leadership by fast tracking our pipeline to help patients achieve and impact their diseases, working with launch excellence to make sure that we are shaping the market that we are entering in, making sure that our patient-centric solutions help improve access and adherence, capability building of our teams as well as people working through L&D efforts to make sure that we are delivering value to our patients and leading in sustainability to improve access to healthcare as well as our environment. Thank you. So, with that, I revert back to you Mr. Chairman.

### 👤 Narayan
K.

### 👤 Seshadri
Thank you, Gagan. That was a very comprehensive presentation on AstraZeneca India. I am sure members benefit from that; these sort of insights you have provided. Let me now move on to the objective and the implications of the seven items in the notice as presented. The notice of the Annual General Meeting has seven items in the agenda. Item No. 1 of the notice pertains to adoption of the Financial Statements for the year ended March 31, 2022 and the Reports of the Board of Directors and Auditors thereon. No. 2 pertains to confirmation of the payment of interim dividend of Rs. 2 per Equity Share and to declare Final Dividend of Rs. 8 per Share for the financial year 21-22. No. 3 pertains to appointment of a Director in place of Mr. Rajesh Marwaha who retires by rotation, and being eligible, offers himself for re-appointment. Four pertains to reappointment of Ms. Shilpa Shridhar Divekar as an Independent Director of the Company for a tenure of five years. No. 5 pertains to approval for material related party transactions to be entered into between the Company and AstraZeneca UK Limited. No. 6 pertains to approval for material related party transactions to be entered into between Company and AstraZeneca AB Sweden. Item 7 pertains to the payment of remuneration to Messrs. Rao, Murthy & Associates, Cost Accountants, appointed by the Board as Cost Auditors of the Company. The explanatory statement forming part of the notice provides necessary details in respect of business Items 4 to 7. I now request Mr. Pratap Rudra to provide general instructions to the members regarding participation in this meeting. Pratap?

### 👤 Rudra
Thank you, Sir. Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. As required under Section 108 of the Companies Act 2013, the Company provided remote e-voting facility to the Shareholders to cast their votes electronically in respect of all items of business in the notice dated May 26, 2022. The remote e-voting facility, which was kept

### 👤 Page 23 of 33
open for a period of four days from August 4, 2022 9 AM, closed at

### 👤 5 PM on August 7, 2022. Mr. Vijayakrishna KT, Practicsng
Company Secretary is the scrutinizer appointed by the Board of Directors of the Company for scrutinizing the remote e-voting process, in a fair and transparent manner and to submit his consolidated report on votes cast for and against each of the resolution as per item one to seven of the notice to the Chairman or a Director authorized by the Chairman. As the AGM is held virtually, the option for physical voting at the AGM is not available at this time. However, the Company has enabled e-voting facility during the AGM. Members, who have not cast their vote on the resolutions through remote e-voting and are otherwise not debarred from doing so, shall be eligible to vote through the e-voting system during the AGM. The icon for e-voting is available on the top of the screen under e-voting tab, which will redirect the members to the e-voting platform of NSDL. The e- voting facility would close after 15 minutes from conclusion of this Annual General Meeting. Thank you very much. I now hand over to the Chairman to continue the proceedings.

### 👤 Narayan
K.

### 👤 Seshadri
Thank you, Pratap. As per the tradition, I would like to share with you some information of general interest to Shareholders. Beginning with Number of Shareholders 52,646 as of August 1, 2022; Number of employees 1,092 as on date; Number of Board Meetings held during 21-22, 5 all well attended. Number of Audit Committee meetings held during 21-22, 6 all well attended; Number of Independent Directors 3; Book Value per Share Rs.204.56; Earnings per Share Rs.24.6; Share Price, Latest Closing price

### 👤 Page 24 of 33
Rs.3,079; last AGM was Rs.3,364.65. Amount transferred to

### 👤 Protection Fund
there was no amount which was required to be transferred to IEPF by the company in the year 21-22. Key focus areas of the Company: diabetes, cardiovascular, oncology, respiratory. Company's growth brands: Tagrisso, Lynparza, Brilinta, Forxiga, Xigduo and partner brands, Symbicort. Top brands Sales in rupees million: Tagrisso 1,675, Brilinta 1,127,

### 👤 Lynparza 844, Forxiga 620, Imfinzi 353, Crestor 352, Xigduo 326,
Seloken XL308,Oxramet 236, Zoladex 3.6 mg 237. Single largest selling product of the Company: Tagrisso contributing 22% of the total sales. It is used to treat non-small cell lung carcinomas with specific mutations in adult patients. It was launched in India in 2017.Inventory holding on sales, 67 days versus 75 days in 20-21. Total Revenues down by 0.7%, Net Sales down by 2.0%, material consumption to sales 40.97%, Employee Cost as a percentage of sales 30.23%, previous year 28.26%. Debt, the company is a debt- free company.

### 👤 Business Segment
the Company has one business segment namely healthcare. Shareholders who have registered themselves as speaker Shareholders are invited to express their views or ask questions which they might have on the items of the business of the meeting. The queries shall be answered after all the allowed speaker shareholders have raised their questions. The members who wish to speak are kindly requested to be brief, in view of the available time. When referring to any item in the annual report, kindly indicate the page number. Please do not repeat the same questions already asked by another shareholder. I would request the moderator to unmute the speaker shareholder to begin the question-and-answer session.

### 👤 Moderator
Thank you so much, Sir. We will now unmute the Shareholders who have registered themselves as speakers during the AGM to enable them to express their views or ask questions. In the interest of time, we request individual speaker Shareholders to limit their questions and views to a maximum of 3 minutes. Request everyone to please be connected while we bring in the speaker Shareholders online. We now invite the first speaker shareholder Mr. K. Sadhananda Shastri. Please go ahead. K.

### 👤 Shastri
Good afternoon. I am Sadhananda Shastri from Bangalore. My number is 11702201. Coming to the report, Page number 3- in the MD's message, it is said that the Company faced many challenges during COVID period. But of course, all other companies also faced severe challenges. However, AstraZeneca was bit a soft corner and it was sounding in one or other directions along with the Serum Institute with regard to the vaccines. But why at last movement AstraZeneca's name did not go along with the Serum Institute and stayed back? Secondly, after COVID, now Monkey Pox problem is dancing. What is the Company's help and contribution in this regard? Page number 11 - you have talked about the solar and renewable energy. Why can't the Company become self-sufficient in power generation, renewable for consumption? Page number 30- it is very much a concern to note the negative growth of revenues and also profit. What is your strategy to bring these at least to the last year level? Is there any indication at present quarters? Page number 61- your share value has come down drastically in the market. Investors will suffer a lot. Company's low performance would be the major cause for this. I have lost lakhs of rupees together that is to get whether with the confusion which created your inland and up countries units.

### 👤 Page 26 of 33
Page number 86- Balance Sheet. Out of 860 crore, a small trade receivables related parties dues of 151 million can easily be recovered. Probably, 26 million may go bad. Company has to note it and attempt to recover. What is the reason for maintaining heavy cash balance of 4,484 million? Even with this large liquidity, Company has incurred 10 million towards the finance cost. Why? It seems Company has not borrowed anywhere. Then, why this expenditure of finance cost? Lastly, page number 113- other expenses. As far as innovations are concerned, you have incurred 104 million more towards clinical trials. Whether it boosts the profit growth or not? Thank you very much, sir.

### 👤 Narayan
K.

### 👤 Seshadri
Thank you.

### 👤 Moderator
Thank you. We now invite the next speaker shareholder Mr. Satish Bhatt. Please go ahead.

### 👤 Bhatt
Good afternoon, Sir, and congratulate the entire Board for giving decent numbers last year. Last year was a very challenging year for the Company where I think our number one selling product got off patent and where I think where 56 new generis has started coming in, and I think we had even competition in our Brilinta where you management projected 30 generics coming in and hitting in. So, I think, in that tough scenario, I think your Company delivered a PAT of Rs 65 crores, which is I think is quite commendable, and I think the turnaround was specially seen in the last quarter, and I think which has been followed in the first quarter itself. Sir, I will congratulate Mr. Gagan and his team for good performance and sir, I am even grateful to the Chairman and even to the Finance Director Mr.Marwaha for giving a dividend of Rs. 10. I think we have been

### 👤 Page 27 of 33
repeatedly asking for many years to increase the dividend payout. So, last year our payout turns out to be something like 40%. Sir, I will not waste most of the time. I have already sent the questions to Mr. Rudra Pratap, the Company Secretary. If you can just go through and give the answers on that? I had one more question on that. Sir, last year we had a clinical research income of Rs 41 crores and you know, the Balance Sheet, the P&L based on expenditure of the Rs 36 crores. Do we really make Rs 5 crore profit on that or is some other cost related to clinical expenditure are debited as some other heads? I just wanted to have view on that. Sir, now we are just turning around and we are seeing a good growth phase. Mr. Gagan has given a good presentation of the products which are expected till 2025. Whether our payout ratio will increase to something like 65%, 70% and one Shareholder pointed that we already have 400 crore cash. So, what would be the payout ratio we can expect henceforth from the management? Sir, one thing is, one question to MD, Mr.Gagan. Sir, our respiratory portfolio is very small as of now, something like 2%of sales and we have one of the best pipelines like Fasenra and Tezepelumab, of course, Symbicort doing well, and also other inhalers coming in. To make this business something like 15- 20%, what type of investments we have to make to make that business really becoming big to the Indian subsidiary, you know? Sir, last year our parent had acquired Alexion, the rare business company at $38 billion and sir, just wanted your view when we can see products of those rare diseases coming into this company? We know the market for that may be a bit small in India. It may be quite price sensitive market.

### 👤 Moderator
Sorry to interrupt, sir. You have 40 seconds left.

### 👤 Bhatt
So, just want to know how will you start, when you start your rare disease portfolio? And sir, my every year question is that when is our target to reach $1 billion sales, you know? So, that has been I think persistent for last many years. I would be grateful if management can throw some light on that. What are the near-term milestones, you know, before achieving that? Yes. Thanks, sir.

### 👤 Moderator
Thank you. We now invite the next speaker shareholder Mr. Amit Thawani. Please go ahead.

### 👤 Thawani
Sir, if I am audible, I have already sent my questions to the Company Secretary. But for the sake of this AGM, I will repeat my questions. My first is that the video quality of this AGM is very bad. So, please can I humbly request you to please send me the presentation? It is a humble request. The second one is, please can you give us, can you repeat the drug wise breakup for FY 22? And please give us the growth, drug wise growth? The third is that, you know, the parent gives very detailed presentation every quarter on drug wise breakup, but we as a subsidiary, we don't give much details, you know, for the quarter. It will be, you know, a great help if you give us quarterly, some presentation. Also, please can you tell us when the exclusivity of Lynparza, Tagrisso, Fasenra, Imfinzi, when are they expiring in India? When is the exclusivity till? Please can you tell us also the pipelines? Can you speak about Enhertu, Breast03, Lokelma? Please can you speak about these other pipeline of the Company? Have we reached stabilization as far as Brilinta goes when it comes to pricing

### 👤 Page 29 of 33
or are we still seeing price declines? Similar question for Forxiga. Are we seeing price stabilization yet or still we are seeing price erosion happening in Forxiga? Please can you tell us the price erosion that has happened from 1st of April 2021 to 31st March 2022 in Forxiga and if there is any further erosion that has happened after 31st March 2022?

### 👤 Moderator
Sorry to interrupt. You have 40 seconds left.

### 👤 Thawani
Can you please tell us what the sustainable margins of the Company are? And actually, this is once in a year AGM. The time limit is I don't think that's a correct thing. If you can take that feedback as well? Thank you.

### 👤 Narayan
K.

### 👤 Seshadri
Thank you. Since you have already sent the questions, we will try and you know, we got the answers at least.

### 👤 Moderator
Thank you. We have now heard from all the speaker Shareholders who were connected. I now hand it over to Mr. Narayan K. Seshadri. Over to you, sir.

### 👤 Narayan
K.

### 👤 Seshadri
Okay. Thank you for all those questions. All very pertinent and very appropriate questions from a Shareholders' stand points. What I would like to do is since a lot of these questions relate to some of the products which we are looking at and working with and also the pipeline, I would request Gagan to respond to them. Where appropriate, I can also step in, but let me hand over to Gagan to respond to some of these questions.

### 👤 Singh Bedi
Sure. Thank you and thank you for your questions as well. I think the top 10 products, you know, we spoke about in the presentation as well, as well as the growth, and this presentation is going to be available on our website. So, I won't repeat that, but I think what is really important is of our top five brands, three have been introduced in the last five years. So, that clearly shows the momentum behind the business that we are building across. I think the other question has been around the respiratory space and how can we expand that space? Now, clearly, we believe respiratory is where oncology was, you know, five years back. So, we have got significant opportunity with the pipeline coming in. We have introduced Fasenra, first of our biologics. We are looking at bringing in Breast03, Teze as well in the space. Of course, it depends on the regulatory approvals and the phase 3 trial data reader. That's true about most of the new medicines that we have. I think behind all these drugs, I have always said it is a patient who needs them and therefore, we are deeply committed towards it. And the same applies for our, you know, rare disease portfolio. Of course, in rare disease, we also need a framework to come through government is working on creating a sustainable framework around rare diseases, especially around funding of these drugs as well, and we continue to work very closely with the Government on this as well. The last bit of question also came across in terms of pricing and stabilization post annoying. So, we just take a one-time price reduction. That is where largely that we do and for Brilinta, we took that in 2019 and for Dapa, we have taken that last year. To quantify our price reduction was 48%.The generics continue to compete and continue to go lower and lower in pricing. That is the nature and

### 👤 Page 31 of 33
competition within the branded generic space, and that is what we continue to do as well. There were a few questions around finance. May be, Vimlesh if you want to take them up and help us with them.

### 👤 Maheshwari
So, first question is, you known, last year the dividend was received Rs. 10, which is 40% as a payout ratio, while the huge cash is available, but worst seems to be over. So, when we can expect dividend payout to increase about 50%? While we, you know, appreciate your patience and slowly, slowly you would have seen our dividends are on increasing trend and our expectation of the company is delivering long-term sustainable growth,which involve considerable investment or reinvestment into the business. Our main focus is to keep cash flow always available for investment behind new innovative class of drugs. Another question was on the receivable piece where related party receivables, we usually have the related party receivables amount received within 30 to 45 days from the date of invoice and the another question was on the lease, the finance cost, which is pertaining with the lease assets which is in line with the requirement of Ind-AS, the new accounting standard which was introduced. Narayan K.

### 👤 Seshadri
These largely address most of the key questions, if I may step in. Again, you gentlemen are all astute investors who understand business quite well. You understand the vagaries of, you know, the kind of times we are in, the kind of pressures and challenges we face, especially in so far as our products are concerned. So, many of these things are being, you know, factored in when whether it is dividend payouts or in any introduction of new products or whatever be the nature of our business is, and there are some of these are in

### 👤 Page 32 of 33
my view tactical issues which need to be dealt within so far as the management is concerned. And therefore, their ability to sort of share some of it may not be there. At this point in time, I wouldn't want them to share to begin with because it does put a lot of information into competitor space as well. So, keeping all of these kind of factors in mind and you know, the type of activity which we are, you know, working on and the presentation which Gagan has made provides a lot of insight into many facets which you have sought. If there are particular questions which you have, I think, if you could, you know, send the questions to our Company Secretary, I am sure, depending on the question, the answers will be provided. Definitely something which is an important part of our overall governance mechanism is to sort of take into account what the Shareholders expect and what we want to do, and one of the, you know, I know people have been after a higher payout and we have achieved that last time around. Hopefully, if business is in a good shape and continues to be so, it will be possible for us to look at that as well. But you know, if you are looking for $1 billion, you know, sales, that means that there is a lot of investment and money will have to be spent in the short term, in the short-to-medium term, which may mean that we will have to take a dip in the profits as well as some of the other issues which we have to deal with. So, keeping all of that in mind, I would say that, you know, we are doing the best in so far as managing expectations all around. I hope with this process, we will be able to or the Management will be able to deliver a superior result over a period of time. In so far as the share price is concerned, despite a very weak market, the Shares have performed well relatively speaking, and hopefully, will continue to improve as time goes along. I would, like, as I said, you know, if

### 👤 Page 33 of 33
there are any more questions, please do send it to comp.secy@AstraZeneca.com and we will look at what can be responded to. Moving on, this basically concludes the business of the day as informed before. The e-voting facility would close after 15 minutes. The results of the remote e-voting will be declared before Wednesday, August 10, 2022, after receipt of the Scrutinizer's consolidated report. The result shall be placed on the Company's website and will be intimated to the Stock Exchange. Thank you, ladies and gentlemen, for being with us this afternoon. I wish the shareholders all the very best, good health, and stay safe. I now declare the meeting as closed. .

## Q&A
