
# ASTRAZEN - Fallback_Transcript_25

## Behavioral Analysis
✅ **[STABILITY]** No severe behavioral manipulation thresholds breached.

## Preparation
### 👤 Page 1 of 23
“AstraZeneca Pharma India Limited's 46th Annual

### 👤 Moderator
Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. We will now commence the 46th Annual General Meeting of AstraZeneca Pharma India Limited being conducted through video conferencing. For smooth conduct of the meeting, all the lines of the shareholders will be on mute. The audio and video of the speaker shareholders will be enabled once they are invited to speak at the AGM by the Chairperson. The proceedings of the AGM are also being recorded. Without any delay, I hand over to Ms. Shilpa Divekar Nirula - Chairperson of the Board of Directors, AstraZeneca Pharma India Limited, for conducting the AGM proceedings. Thank you and over to you, ma'am.

### 👤 Shilpa Divekar Nirula
Thank you. Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. On behalf of the Board of Directors, I extend a warm welcome to all of you to this 46th Annual General Meeting of AstraZeneca Pharma India Limited being conducted over video conferencing. It is 3.06 pm now. Manasa, can you confirm whether the requisite quorum is present?

### 👤 Manasa
Yes, ma'am.

### 👤 Shilpa Divekar Nirula
I call the meeting to order. Before I turn to the formal agenda of the meeting, I would like to introduce the Directors present. We have Mr. Praveen Rao Akkinepally - Managing Director; Ms. Revathy Ashok - Independent

### 👤 Chairperson of the Stakeholders Relationship Committee; and Ms. Hooi-Bien Chuah – Non-
Executive Director and Chairperson of the Corporate Social Responsibility Committee. I am Shilpa Divekar Nirula - the Chairperson of the Board. We also have with us Ms. Manasa R, Company Secretary. I record that the authorized representatives of the Statutory Auditor, Secretarial Auditor and the Scrutinizer are also virtually present in this meeting. I also record that all feasible planning and execution has been done for enabling electronic participation and voting of the members for this AGM. It is confirmed that the electronic voting is available throughout the AGM. I will now take up the formal proceedings of the Annual General Meeting. Relevant documents referred to in the notice calling the AGM, register of Directors and key managerial personnel and their shareholding and register of contracts or arrangements in which Directors are interested, maintained under the Companies Act 2013 are available for inspection by the members electronically. Members seeking to inspect such documents can send an email to the Company Secretary at the following email id, comp.secy@astrazeneca.com. Pursuant to Section 145 of the Companies Act 2013, qualifications, observations or comments on financial transactions or matters which have any adverse effect on the functioning of the Company

### 👤 Page 3 of 23
mentioned in the Auditor's Report shall be read at the Annual General Meeting. Since there is no observation, qualification or comment by the Statutory Auditors in their report which have any adverse effect on the functioning of the Company, the Auditor's Report does not require to be read. With your kind permission now, I will read out the Chairperson's Statement, a copy of which will also be made available on the Company's website. Ladies and gentlemen, respected shareholders and members of the Board, it is with immense honor and gratitude that I welcome you to the 46th Annual General Meeting of AstraZeneca Pharma India Limited. This marks my first address to you as the Chairperson of this esteemed Company and I accept this responsibility with deep humility, steadfast commitment and a shared sense of purpose. I trust you and your families are in good health and I sincerely thank you for your continued support, confidence and encouragement. Your unwavering belief in the Company's vision and efforts continues to inspire and energize all of us. This year marks an important chapter in our journey, not only because we crossed several performance milestones which reflect our focus on our purpose to help more patients but also because we did so with purpose, agility and impact. FY 2024-25 has been a year of momentum, a year where our people, our science and our specialist-focused strategy came together to deliver the results that matter for patients, for society, for the planet and for our country, India. The Director's Report and Audited Financial Statements for the financial year ending March 31, 2025 are already with you. Assuming your familiarity with these documents, with your permission, I will highlight some key updates on our progress over the past year. This AGM marks not just a ceremonial moment but a strategic inflection point in our journey. AstraZeneca India completed 45 years of operations, a milestone that speaks volumes of our legacy of trust, innovation and resilience. It is a moment to reflect on where we have come from and where we are determined to go. At the heart of everything we do lies our belief in the power of science to transform lives. This belief continues to anchor us as we push the boundaries of innovation, access and impact. FY 2024- 25 has been a year of exceptional momentum, a year where purpose met execution, ambition was matched with discipline and strategy translated into tangible outcome. I am most happy to also introduce and acknowledge Mr. Praveen Rao Akkinepally who took over the position of the Managing Director of the Company starting 1st July 2025 and is a part of this meeting. Praveen is not new to AstraZeneca as he served several years in the United States and spent the last two years leading the Oncology portfolio in India. I wish Praveen all the very best once again. Now talking about the macroeconomic overview:

### 👤 Page 4 of 23
India emerged as the fifth largest economy globally in 2024 with an estimated GDP of US $3.89 trillion. On its current trajectory, India is expected to surpass Japan and become the fourth largest economy by 2025, which is this year. In 2024, India led global growth among major economies recording a robust GDP growth rate of 6.5%. Looking ahead, it is projected to maintain its position as the fastest growing major economy with average annual growth expected to be around 6.4% over the next five years. This sustained momentum is likely to be driven by a combination of strong public and private sector investment, rising consumption, a favorable policy environment, increasing income and a growing workforce. Within this broader economic landscape, healthcare is poised to be a key growth sector. Structural trends such as an ageing population, rising incidence of lifestyle and chronic diseases, increasing health awareness and improved healthcare access are expected to fuel sectoral demand. India's healthcare sector is projected to grow at a compounded annual growth rate of 12% through to 2028. While considerable progress has been made in strengthening healthcare infrastructure, significant opportunities remain for further investment and expansion. The sector also stands out as one of India's largest employers, backed by a strong base of skilled medical professionals. Within healthcare, the Indian pharmaceutical market is a vital component. The Indian pharmaceutical market is estimated to reach over Rs. 2,30,000 crores in FY 2024-25. This underscores its strategic role in supporting both domestic healthcare needs and the global pharmaceutical supply chains. The year under review, which was FY 2024-25, has been pivotal for AstraZeneca India. It was a year marked not only by growth and performance, but more significantly by purpose, innovation and resilience. We continue to demonstrate our commitment to transforming healthcare by unlocking the power of what science can do for patients, society and the planet. Our collective efforts, guided by our values, bold ambition and strategic focus, helped us make tangible progress across therapy areas, business functions and social impact initiatives. The financial performance in FY2024-25 reflects the strength of our science-led portfolio, execution excellence and patient-centric mindset that has guided the Company's strategy. The Company reported a total revenue from operations of Rs. 1,716 crore, which represents a year- on-year growth of 32%. Our profit before exceptional items and tax stood at Rs. 253 crore, reflecting a robust 25% growth. These achievements reflect our ability to deliver consistent results while staying true to our long-term ambition.

### 👤 Page 5 of 23
In FY2024-25, AstraZeneca was the fastest growing Company amongst the top-ranked companies by revenue in the Indian pharmaceutical market. The Company gained 4 spots in terms of overall rankings by revenue and was ranked No. 40 versus No. 44 in the previous financial year, which was FY2023-24We hope to continue our good performance by leveraging our strong portfolio across therapeutic areas and via new product launches. The Cmpany will continue to prioritize investment in its focused disease area in line with its strategy. Behind these numbers is a singular purpose - to transform patient outcomes by delivering the right treatment to the right patient at the right time. Whether it is cancer, cardiovascular disease, chronic conditions, respiratory, immunology or rare disease, our focus remains unwaveringly on those who need our science the most. Since 2023, the Company received 14 new medicine and indication approvals from the regulatory body in the country, spanning across oncology, biopharmaceuticals and rare disease. This milestone reflects our unwavering commitment to regulatory excellence and our belief that Indian patients should have timely access to the latest innovations in healthcare. In oncology, our bold aspiration is to eliminate cancer as the cause of death. Our oncology portfolio now contributes nearly 70% of our total revenue. A testimony to the trust reinforced by healthcare professionals and patients: The launch of Enhertu for HER2-positive and HER2-low metastatic breast cancer has been a game-changer. With multiple indication expansion, Enhertu is quickly establishing itself as a next-generation targeted therapy. Imfinzi is now approved across multiple indications in lung, gastrointestinal and genitourinary gynecological cancers. Imjudo in combination with Durvalumab was approved and launched for unresectable hepatocellular carcinoma, offering a new option for patients with limited treatment avenues. In the biopharmaceutical business unit, we are furthering our efforts to deliver the next generation of therapeutics in our pipeline, focusing on specialists, science and innovation, while improving access of our existing portfolio in specialist disease areas. Brilinta maintained a strong growth trajectory with a 27% increase in revenue. The Fasenra became the leading respiratory biologic by value in India and has now impacted the lives of over 600 patients with Severe Eosinophilic Asthma. We launched Breztri Aerosphere for maintenance treatment in chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, reinforcing our commitment to chronic respiratory care.

### 👤 Page 6 of 23
In rare diseases, we have taken definitive steps forward. The launch of Koselugo for pediatric neurofibromatosis Type-1 and Soliris for conditions like PNH and aHUS marks the beginning of a dedicated focus on this underserved segment. We are committed to creating access strategies, policy engagement and support systems that can transform outcomes for patients with rare and often overlooked conditions. The Company is dedicated to making a positive impact on the lives of rare disease patients in India. Its endeavors are continued to strengthen efforts for NF1 policy inclusion, address aHUS and PNH unmet needs through the launch of Soliris. Beyond new medicine launches, the Company's work in building an equitable healthcare system has seen meaningful strides. Through the Partnership for Health Systems Sustainability and Resilience and in collaboration with the Observer Research Foundation, we have identified key priorities to advance workforce development, digital health and data integration. In our collaboration with Qure.ai, we surpassed 1 million AI-enabled lung cancer scans, accelerating early diagnosis in public hospitals across Karnataka and Goa in partnership with the respective state governments. These initiatives exemplify our belief in the power of digital innovation to improve access and equity in healthcare delivery. We also established centers of excellence with premium institutions across the country to holistically manage chronic diseases such as diabetes, asthma and cancer, ensuring that patients receive not just treatment but care tailored to their conditions. We have built several partnerships that have led us to collaborate closely with the healthcare ecosystem and help more patients access healthcare, both diagnosis, access and prevention of diseases. The culture we foster is as important as the science we deliver. We are proud to be certified as a great place to work for the 7th consecutive year, reflecting our enduring commitment to our people and values. In financial year 2024-25, we took meaningful strides to further this culture. We launched Prerna, a flagship internship program aimed at encouraging young women to pursue careers in STEM, an important step towards building a more inclusive workforce. Initiatives like the Leaders Lounge and 180-degree reverse mentoring continue to foster psychological safety and promote inclusion across all levels of the organization. Our approach to talent development remains robust and future-focused. We partnered with leading institutions such as IIM Bangalore to deliver customized leadership development programs. Across our digital learning platform, employees logged over 14,000 hours with more than 80% reporting measurable skill enhancement.

### 👤 Page 7 of 23
These efforts are reflected in the results of our employee engagement survey, which recorded an overall score of 83% of engagement. High scores in areas such as psychological safety, coaching support and skill development are a testament to the sense of purpose, belonging and excellence that defines our workplace. Our purpose goes beyond medicine. We are determined to contribute meaningfully to society and the planet. Our Ganga Godavari cancer screening program completed its fifth year, screening over 8,000 women across Delhi in just one year. Through AI-led diagnostics and partnerships with grassroots NGOs like CAPED and OneStage, we are helping detect cancer early and reduce the burden on public health systems. Our Young Health program has now reached over 1.2 lakh youth, trained 80 peer educators and established health information centers in Bengaluru. These efforts are equipping adolescents to lead healthier lives and become community role models. On the environmental front, we initiated PANI, which is Providing and Augmenting Natural Resource-Based Interventions. It's a three-year program focused on lake rejuvenation across six villages in Maharashtra. Through these endeavors, we are working to embed sustainability into every aspect of our value chain from the laboratory to the community. As we look to the future, we remain guided by three strategic pillars; science and innovation, people and sustainability, and growth through leadership in our core therapy areas. We will continue to leverage the India edge, build on our specialist focus, accelerate access to life-changing medicine, and partner with stakeholders to ultimately multiply our reach to patients and help as much as we can as we continue making a big difference and transforming health outcomes for patients. Our ambition remains bold, but so is our readiness to meet it with purpose, capability, and conviction. In closing, I wish to extend my deepest gratitude to the management team, our partners, the Board of Directors, and most importantly, our employees across the country. Your dedication, courage, and belief in our mission has been the bedrock of our success. To our valued shareholders, thank you for your enduring trust. Your confidence in us propels us forward. It is a privilege to serve as your Chairperson. Together, let us continue to follow the science, do the right thing, and play to win as we shape a healthier, more resilient, and a more equitable India. Thank you.

### 👤 Page 8 of 23
Before I take up the formal items of the agenda, I now request Mr. Praveen Rao Akkinepally, Managing Director, to make a corporate presentation to the members.

### 👤 Praveen Rao Akkinepally
Thank you, Shilpa, for that very comprehensive overview. Again, welcome everyone to the 46th Annual General Meeting of AstraZeneca Pharma India Limited. Thank you for joining us today as we share our performance, strategic updates, and discuss our vision for the future. This is our standard disclaimer. The information shared today is for general purposes only and should not be used elsewhere. We may include some forward-looking statements. The actual outcomes may differ depending on environmental factors and unforeseen circumstances beyond what we can predict. Next slide, please. Here is our Board of Directors featuring a blend of independent and executive directors. Our Board committees, Audit, Stakeholders relationships, CSR, Nomination and Remuneration, Share Transfer, and Risk Management each play a pivotal role in our robust governance framework. Okay, on to the next slide. Today I will cover a topline global growth story and we will also take a deep dive at India's progress over the previous year and share updates across some of our business units. So, let's start with the global update, if you go on to the next slide. So, you are all familiar with, of course, AstraZeneca's bold ambition. Our aspiration is to be pioneers in science, lead in our disease areas, and transform patient outcomes. By 2030, we will deliver 20 new medicines, globally be an $80 billion company, and be carbon negative. The global strategic priorities reflect the path to achieving this. It starts with advancing the right science and technology. So, science and innovation is at the heart of everything we do. That becomes the right medicines with the right strategies to maximize patient impact, and which is where growth and peer leadership really deliver that science to more patients. And, of course, investing in the right teams, working in the right space, and with the right culture is at the bedrock, a foundation for all of this. So, people and sustainability is very much a core component of how we plan to achieve this bold ambition. If we go on to the next slide. So, our goal, our ambition to achieve over 80 billion in total revenue and sustainable growth thereafter involves launching new medicines that build on our established portfolio that you see here. Many of you are already familiar with the current portfolio, including Enhertu, Imfinzi, Tagrisso, Brilinta, Breztri, so across all of our therapeutic areas. But we will also be excited to launch new molecules on top of this that we will lead the path to achieving the 80 billion ambition by 2030. One of the things, of course, that is really encouraging about our growth is that it is supported by diverse and broad-based business across both therapeutic areas and geographies. And what you see here is globally the spread across the different therapeutic areas within the first half of 2025 calendar year. What you see is that oncology is about 41%, biopharmaceuticals that include

### 👤 Page 9 of 23
CVRM, respiratory, as well as vaccines and immunology make up a big chunk of the rest of it, and rare diseases is about 15% to 16%. The other part of it that is also very important is that we are quite sort of diversified across geographies with strong presence in both US as well as international markets, including China and ex-China, which is where India would fall in, as well as in Europe and established rest of the world. So, it's a very diversified portfolio that is really fueling the growth of AstraZeneca globally. Now, let us focus on the India growth story: If you go on to the next slide, I'll take a few minutes to really dive a little deeper into the India market and industry dynamic and share some of the insights that we have in terms of how our products are faring in this economy. The first one, of course, when you look at the macroeconomic environment of the country, it is exciting to see that India is one of the fastest growing major economies in the world right now. We are seeing tremendous sort of acceleration in terms of our growth, which is really encouraging across the Board. We are also seeing some really positive movement in the context of policy reforms that actually impact the healthcare industry, including, for example, the patent amendment, the government PMP guidelines that enable us to really formalize a lot of the guidelines in the context of Pharma Marketing and Sales, the new GTE and PPO exemption. So, many things that are really helpful in the context of achieving our ambition and making a difference for patients. Of course, in India, there's a huge unmet need when you look at the key disease areas and where we actually have a presence. Oncology, when you think about lung, GI and breast cancers, there's increasing incidence of these cancers in India. COPD continues to be a leading cause of mortality. And, of course, all of us are quite familiar with the burden of diabetes and cardiovascular disease, as well as chronic kidney disease in India. So, a lot of unmet need where we have an opportunity to hopefully make a difference. So, if you go on to the next slide, our purpose, of course, is really focused and anchored around helping more patients live a better, healthier life. And across all of these therapeutic areas that we have really identified as a priority. So, if you now go into the next slide, we will dig a little deeper into the India strategy. So, the India strategy is very much aligned with the global priorities and is very consistent with the areas that we have identified as a priority across AstraZeneca. Our goal, of course, is to accelerate our reach and multiply the impact that we can have in patients. We just saw on the previous slide, the high unmet need across multiple disease areas where we can bring solutions. So, very much committed to having an impact on patients. And what it will take really is continued focus on science and specialists. So, that was a strategic sort of choice where we discussed last year that we really want to be focused on the specialist disease areas. That is continuing to be a key part of the overall strategy. And, of course, building more access to the innovation that we are bringing to the country will be a key priority and a key labor for that will be continuing to expand into the states and really leveraging policy enhancements to support improved access. Digital, of course, will be a key foundation across everything that we do. And increasingly so, as AI is becoming a very integral part of a lot of strategies. Our partnerships that you will hear about over time is going to be another area that

### 👤 Page 10 of 23
we will focus on to ensure that the innovation that we bring reaches as many patients as possible within the Indian context. And, of course, all of this depends on getting our talent and culture right in the context of people so that we can really bring the best out of our team so they can contribute the best they can in service of patients and our purpose. And, finally, AstraZeneca is very much committed to sustainability. And we are very conscious of our impact on the environment and we are committed to having a zero carbon sort of direction that we go towards. So, overall, all of these, to summarize, are focused on growth and therapy area leadership, science and innovation being a core part of what drives that growth, and people and sustainability being a really key priority in terms of how we enable that growth. Now, if you dig a little deeper, and I think Shilpa has had a chance to actually mention some of this in her address. So, when we look overall in terms of the growth for the Company, we see strong commercial performance. We see a 32% year-on-year growth with India for the first time, AZPIL exceeding Rs. 1,700 crores in revenue. So, I’m really excited to see that. And when you look at the sales by therapeutic area, you see that oncology is now almost 70% of the total revenue by pharmaceuticals, making the vast majority of the rest. And of course, it's early days in the context of rare diseases where just we are building the foundation to continue to grow rare diseases over time. But right now, of course, the growth is primarily driven by Oncology and by pharmaceuticals. Next slide, if you double click and then say what have been the key drivers, the first thing, the topline, of course, is that AstraZeneca, as Shilpa mentioned, is amongst the fastest-growing companies in the Indian pharmaceutical market. We are now ranked sixth amongst the MNCs. And also, we are excited to share that within Oncology, we are now ranked number two within the Indian pharmaceutical market among the MNCs. So, really excited to see that. And when you look at the underlying drivers for that growth, of course, Enhertu has been an empowering part of the story. It's the first oncology brand to surpass over 200 crores within 12 months of launch. It's really set a new milestone in the Indian pharmaceutical market. Tagrisso continues to be the number one lung cancer brand and is the third largest oncology brand in the country, again, making a significant difference for patients with lung cancer who have an EGFR mutation. Brilinta sustains its market leadership in the oral antiplatelet market and is continuing to deliver double-digit growth despite loss of exclusivity. So, again, showcasing the strength of the brand and the growth that it is still able to drive despite of multiple generics. Fasenra has also been a key highlight of our respiratory portfolio launched in April of 2021. It is now the number one respiratory biologic by value in the country and is showing robust growth and has been a key pillar of the growth that we see in our respiratory portfolio. And again, once again, coming back to oncology, Imfinzi has been a key growth driver in the immuno-oncology market and continues to be a leading oncology brand in the top 10 across India. So, overall, what you see here is a reflection of a broad-based sort of growth that is being driven by multiple brands, all of which are really delivering value to the patient and continuing to grow strongly.

### 👤 Page 11 of 23
If you go on to the next slide. So, in the financial year 2024-25, if you look at what medicines and indications have been approved and/or launched in the context of new medicines, we have got Synagis, Imjudo, and Breztri that have now been launched in the country. We have had multiple indication approvals. Imfinzi has had a few of those. When you look at ADRIATIC and HIMALAYA across both lung cancer as well as the hepatocellular carcinoma, we have also had two approvals for products that we have yet to launch, which is Soliris and Lokelma. So, we are eagerly anticipating their launch in the coming months. So, excited to see the breadth of new products and indications that we are able to bring to patients in India as reflected on this slide over the last year. So, if you go on to the next slide. And I think Shilpa had also mentioned about the strategic collaboration that we have been fostering, which is a key priority for us as we look to really contribute to improving healthcare across the country and becoming a partner of choice. What you see on the slide is a few examples of that. So, in the context of the government of Karnataka, we had a deepening partnership to enhance access and especially in the context of lung cancer and early diagnosis. Similarly, we have had a partnership with the government of Goa as well. And we are working actively with the government of Tamil Nadu. So, overall, we believe continuing to foster partnerships with the states is going to be an important part of our strategy so that we can continue to build and enhance access of our portfolio across these different states and more importantly, also improve health outcomes for patients across the state. So, this will continue to be a pillar of our strategy. Then moving on to the next slide. Of course, you know, AI, you cannot have any presentation, strategic presentation without discussing the impact of AI. And clearly, this is something that we are very cognizant of and very intentional in really trying to integrate AI into the way we work, especially in the context of simplification of a lot of our activities as well as in our transforming care initiative. What you see here is a couple of examples. I won't go into all of them. But, you know, let me just start with the first one on the slide there. Thriving in the Age of AI is a global sort of training and accelerated program that we are rolling out for all of our employees where we can really educate the whole team in terms of the opportunity and the potential for AI and how that can really help in terms of enhancing what we do. And similarly, several other sort of examples that you see on the slide are initiatives that are happening across the organization to really integrate AI and continue to enhance where, what, and how we do things across the organization. So, looking forward to building on this. So, if you go on to the next slide. So, sharing our purpose continues to be a key part of the outreach that we do. What you see here are examples of recognition from the external environment in terms of the work and the culture that we are building here at AstraZeneca India. So, we have had a couple of really significant recognitions. We continue to be a great place to work. It has been a recognition that has come through. Won Medical Excellence Award from OPPI, which is the pharmaceutical industry sort of body that has all of the MNCs. So, again, a good recognition amongst our peer companies in terms of the medical excellence that we are able to foster. And then on the right, you see that in the context of the inclusion and diversity

### 👤 Page 12 of 23
that we are really trying to drive, AstraZeneca has been recognized across multiple external forums. And we are excited about it and are really committed to building on this as we move forward. So, now that's a quick overview of the overall AstraZeneca story. Maybe we will do a couple of sort of deep dive into the business units starting with Oncology. So, if you go on to the next slide. So, oncology business continues to be a key driver. You've seen that it is now almost 70% of the total revenue. We are growing twice as fast as the market. So, really significant growth. And over the last year, you see almost a 50% growth, a 49% year-on-year growth in terms of our revenue, driven primarily by three key franchises. The Tagrisso franchise, which has grown at about 33% year-on-year, Imfinzi and the immuno-oncology franchise, growing at over 48%. And then Enhertu of course, has been a key driver. And the growth percentage there looks really significant, given that the previous year we had just launched and Enhertu with a pretty low base. But overall, and Enhertu continues to grow very robust. And, it's really also exciting to see that Soliris, which has been in the market for many years now, is also continuing to demonstrate strong growth, showing the value that it brings to patients across the country. So, overall, a broad-based sort of portfolio that is fueling the growth in oncology, and we expect will continue to sort of be the foundation for all of this. So, if you go on to the next slide. And of course, as we have said multiple times now, even in the presentation so far, as a leader in this space, we now feel that we very much want to contribute to enhancing the overall healthcare ecosystem, and really collaborate with different stakeholders across the ecosystem to enable that. One example of the three that you have on the slide that maybe I'll call your attention to is the NGS platform-based lungs initiative, which is an initiative where we have collaborated with multiple pharmaceutical companies to really enable more NGS testing. And what we have seen is some really strong adoption, and it has actually been very much sort of mentored by some of the key top leaders in the country. Again, this was an unmet need that was flagged to us based on some of the key oncologists, and we have responded to that need in collaboration with several other pharmaceutical companies to really enhance access to testing, which, of course, is a really important part of getting the right medicine to the right patient in oncology. So, that was a good example. The FICCI, the Federation of Indian Chemists of Commerce and Industry, we have been an active player in that as well, and participated in multiple roundtables to really identify areas of policy that need to continue to be evolved so that we can more effectively meet the needs of cancer patients across the country. So, very actively partnering in the ecosystem. So, now moving on to biopharmaceuticals on the next slide. So, of course, the context of the biopharmaceutical market is very different. A lot of generic players, but in spite of that, what is encouraging to see is that we have grown by about 8% year-on-year when you look at the revenue for biopharmaceuticals. And on the right side, you see the proportion of sales contributed by the different brands. So, clearly, a broad portfolio, but the major part, the largest of the contributions, of course, are coming from Brilinta to what I alluded earlier, the strength of the brand has been very significant, and we see that it continues to grow and be a really

### 👤 Page 13 of 23
important part of the portfolio. Now, supported by, of course, new products like Forxiga, which, again, in spite of multiple generic launches and competition in the market, is still holding its own and continuing to be an important part of our biopharmaceutical portfolio. And, of course, on the respiratory side, Fasenra has been the key growth driver. So, we see several products fueling it, and I think we are excited to continue to support these as we move forward. So, to go on to the next slide. And similar to what we had discussed in the context of the oncology portfolio, even in the context of biopharmaceuticals, we are very much committed to partnering with the stakeholders and across the community to make a difference for patients. And what you see on the slide are several initiatives that have been launched that have really been well-received in the community. Maybe I'll sort of just call out the one in the middle, Heartbeat, which is a sort of AI-powered ECG device that can really help in identifying early cardiac diagnosis, and really has had an impactful sort of place in terms of really ensuring that we are able to identify risks and positively impact patient health. So, in addition to Oncology, in Biopharmaceuticals as well, we continue to invest in initiatives that enhance the overall health outcomes for patients. Then moving on to the next slide, we will briefly touch on rare diseases. As I shared earlier, I think we are in early stage in the context of building the foundation for rare diseases. So, of course, we had Koselugo that was launched. We are excited, as we look forward to launch Soliris. But the efforts last year were primarily based on really engaging across policy stakeholders, building awareness across the rare disease ecosystem, continuing to identify opportunities to engage with patient advocacy groups. So, there's been a lot of work to build a foundation as we see new products and several other portfolios coming in the space of rare diseases. So, watch this space. I think this is an area for us to continue to invest and support and grow as we move forward. So, if you go on to the next slide, sustainability, as we discussed earlier, is a key priority for us. And, you know, in terms of both how we do business and the values that guide us, as well as tangible steps that we can take in terms of really making a positive impact. So, we have had several initiatives in that direction. And what we believe is that to the power of science and innovation, sustainability is a key part of building a healthy future. And healthy future for people, society, and planet are very much interlinked. And I think AstraZeneca has definitely taken a stand to make sure that we are actively supporting a sustainable sort of pathway in terms of our strategy, as well as our initiatives. If we move forward, CSR program, again, we take our responsibility in terms of contributing to society, and taking clear initiatives to do that, very much integral to our work. What you see here, again, to build on what Shilpa already shared, we have reached underserved women ages between 30 and 65 in UP, Maharashtra, and Haryana to the Ganga Godavari program. So, it's been five years of really very impactful early cancer detection through this program. So, that's been definitely a highlight of our efforts in the context of CSR. The Young Health Program, which also has been ongoing for several years now, and we have now engaged over 15,000 youth and 50% of those being girls aged 10 to 24 years through this program, which, again, is a really

### 👤 Page 14 of 23
heartening thing to hear in terms of the impact and the positive impact that it is having across the society. The PANI program that, again, Shilpa alluded to in her address, is being really focused on rejuvenating water bodies and livelihoods in six high-need villages in Karnataka and as well as other states. So, that's been really helpful as well. So, overall, the CSR program has been integral, and what you see here is a few examples of that. To go on to the next slide. The Great Place to Work strategy, as we discussed earlier, and where clearly we have been identified and been recognized as a great place to work, is a reflection of what you see on this slide, which is 80% of employees are satisfied with our talent and development initiatives. 87% of employees believe AstraZeneca is a great place to work. 90% of employees agree that AstraZeneca embraces honesty and integrity. And 93% of employees are aligned with our sustainability priorities. So, definitely, it's very encouraging. Of course, we don't rest on this. We want to continue to build and continue to enhance these numbers as we move forward, but certainly, it's been encouraging to see this positive sort of momentum in terms of key elements of feedback that we are receiving from our employees. Then, moving into the next slide, I know that, Shilpa mentioned this, and this has certainly been a very rewarding experience even for me personally over the last several months, has been the launch of the Prerna Initiative, which really has been about enhancing the presence of more women in the sales organization, which, of course, is a foundation to building longer-term leaders across AstraZeneca, as sales is a key component of the skill set that we look for. So, Prerna has been, you know, we launched the first cohort. It's been very well received. We have actually, post-internship, have been able to absorb a significant proportion of the cohort as full- time employees. So, really excited to see this, and we are hoping to build on this as we move forward across subsequent years and, of course, also, we will explore other programs that are, again, in the service of enhancing gender diversity and building a more inclusive environment across AstraZeneca. So, then, moving on to the next slide. So, finally, I think, inspired by our purpose and values, we are transforming the future of healthcare by unlocking the power of what science can do for people, society, and the planet, and hopefully over the last several slides, you've seen examples of that in terms of how we are following the science. We are putting patients first. We are certainly playing to win and doing it the right way in terms of doing the right thing and of course that is all based on especially given the dynamic environment that we have in India being really entrepreneurial. So, very much committed to those values as the foundation for delivering on our strategies. So, to go on to the next slide. So, everything we do, of course, is to empower us to help more patients. Patients are at the heart of what we do. They drive our purpose, and our ambition is to serve more patients across India as we move forward and continue to execute on our strategy. So, overall, I think, let me just take a moment to go to the next slide. So, thank you for your contribution, for your support, for your engagement on our growth story, and very much looking forward to continue to build on.

### 👤 Page 15 of 23
So, back to you, Shilpa.

### 👤 Shilpa Divekar Nirula
Thank you, Praveen, for a very comprehensive overview of global business, the India business, your business priorities, financials, and the CSR, and everything, all the great work AstraZeneca is doing in India. I will now take the opportunity to explain the objectives and the implications of some of the items in the notice. So, the notice of the Annual General Meeting has six items on the agenda: Item -no. 1 of the notice pertains to adoption of the financial statements for the year ended March 31, 2025, and the reports of the Board of Directors and Auditors to go on. Item no. 2 pertains to the declaration of dividend of Rs. 32 per share for the financial year 2024- 2025. Item no. 3 pertains to appointment of a Director in place of Hooi Bien Chuah, who retires by rotation and being eligible, offers herself for reappointment. Item no. 4 pertains to the appointment of Mr. Praveen Rao Akkinepally as Managing Director of the Company. Item no.5 pertains to the appointment of M/s. Makarand M. Joshi & Co. as the Secretarial Auditors of the Company for a term of five years from the financial year 2025-26 to 2029-30. Item no. 6 pertains to the approval of remuneration to be paid to M/s. Rao Murthy and Associates, Cost Accountants appointed by the Board as Cost Auditors of the Company. The explanatory statement forming part of the notice provides the necessary details in respect of business items number 4 to 6. I now request Ms. Manasa R. to provide general instructions to the members regarding participation in this meeting. Manasa R.: Thank you, Ma'am. Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. As required under Section 108 of the Company Act 2013, the Company provided remote e-voting facility to the shareholders to cast their votes electronically in respect of all the business items in the notice dated June 9, 2025. The remote e-voting facility, which was kept open for a period of four days from August 10, 2025, 9 a.m. to August 13, 2025, 5 p.m. Mr. Vijayakrishna K.T., Practicing Company Secretary, is the Scrutinizer appointed by the Board of Directors of the Company for scrutinizing the remote e-voting process in a fair and transparent manner and to submit its consolidated report on votes cast for and against each of the resolutions as per items 1 to 6 of the notice to Chairperson or to the Director or Officer authorized by the Chairperson. As the AGM is held virtually, the option of physical voting at the AGM is not available. However, the Company has enabled e-voting facility during the AGM. Members who have not casted their vote or on the resolutions through remote e-voting and are otherwise not barred from doing so shall be eligible to vote through

### 👤 Page 16 of 23
remote e-voting during the AGM. The icon for e-voting is available on the top of the screen under e-voting tab, which will redirect the members to the e-voting platform of NSDL. The e- voting facility will close after 30 minutes from the conclusion of the AGM. Thank you very much. I will now hand over to the Chairperson to continue with the proceedings.

### 👤 Shilpa Divekar Nirula
Thank you, Manasa. I will now share some information which will be of general interest to shareholders. So, as on August 8, 2025, we have 34,097 shareholders. The number of employees that the Company has as on date is 792. There were 11 Board meetings held in 2024-2025, all of which were well attended. There were 5 Audit Committee meetings held in 2024-2025, all of them were well attended. The Company has 3 Independent Directors. The book value per share of the Company is Rs. 308.1 and the earnings per share is Rs. 46.3. There were no amounts which were required to be transferred to the Investor Education and Protection Fund by the Company in the year 2024-2025. As Praveen has highlighted already, the key focus areas of the Company are Oncology, Biopharmaceuticals and Rare Diseases. The top growth brands of the Company are Tagrisso, Imfinzi, Enhertu and Brilinta, as you already heard in the managing director's presentation. The total revenue of the Company between financial year 2023-2024 and 2023-2025 grew by 32% and the Company is a zero debt Company. The Company has only one business segment which is namely healthcare. Shareholders who registered themselves as speaker shareholders are now invited to express their views or ask questions which they might have on the items of the business of the meeting. The query shall be answered after all the allowed speaker shareholders have been able to ask a question. Members who wish to speak are kindly requested to be briefed in view of the time available to us. When referring to any item in the annual report, kindly indicate the page number. Please do not repeat the same question which has already been asked by another shareholder. I would request the moderator to unmute the

## Q&A
### 👤 Shilpa Divekar Nirula
speaker shareholders to begin the Q&A session.

### 👤 Moderator
Thank you very much ma'am. We will now unmute the shareholders who have registered themselves as speakers during the AGM to enable them to express their views or ask questions. In the interest of time, we request individual speaker shareholders to limit their questions and views to a maximum of 3 minutes. Now I call upon our first speaker shareholder Mr. J. Abhishek to kindly accept the prompt on his screen, turn on his webcam, unmute himself and proceed with the question.

### 👤 Abhishek
First of all I congratulate the management on the eve of 46th annual general body meeting. The trust always dvelve with you and your family in this challenging situation. Our Company deserves much more respect than the current market cap. After completing more than a decage of collaboration, profitability, dividend history and becoming one of the strongest brand in the respective segment. The Company has given a handsome dividend. I really appreciate the management for that and all your hard work has translated into numbers and we are able to see that. So we are really thankful to the entire Board of directors and your sincere efforts in bringing the Company to this particular extent and rewarding the minority shareholders in large numbers. Sir, our Company is marching towards 50th year and shareholders have a lot of expectation from

### 👤 Page 17 of 23
the management. Hope that the management will fulfill the wish and desire of the minority shareholders in the years to come. Sir, it is high time for the management to declare a bonus issue for the shareholders our share value because par value is already Rs. 2 and further splitting the face value is not advisable. So I would suggest to management to declare a bonus issue. This is a high time for the management to declare a bonus issue and plan accordingly, sir. Kindly arrange a plant visit for the shareholders, sir. And the management has outperformed this year. So I would like to honor the entire management, our Chairman, MD and the Board of Directors at the moment to kindly give us an opportunity to meet you and greet you, sir. And kindly try to arrange concalls, quarterly presentations and meeting with global investors on a regular basis. And what are the new innovation ideas and new credentials that new Directors are bringing on the table to guide the new generation? I would like to know this from you. And most of my questions have been, I have sent some questions email also. I shall not repeat the same questions again in the interest of time. And I would request the management to kindly take care of the hospitality part of the investor fraternity, sir. And for the past five years, we are not able to meet you physically. We are forced to meet you virtually. So kindly try to arrange hybrid AGM in the years to come, sir, as most of the senior citizens are not able to join because of the digital challenges in this virtual platform. So if you can kindly consider hybrid in the years to come. More number of shareholders can join in the meeting. You can get the valuable points and ideas that will be helpful for the management to uncover in the coming future. And nothing much to add, sir. I wish the Company and the Board of Directors a great success and prosperity in the coming future. And thank you for giving the opportunity, sir. Hope to see you in the hybrid AGM next year. Thank you very much, sir.

### 👤 Moderator
Thank you. Our next speaker shareholder, Mr. P. Jayachand, had pre-registered, however, has not joined the meeting. We will move on to our next speaker shareholder, Ms. H.S. Patel. Please accept the prompt on your screen. Unmute your audio, turn on your video and proceed with your question, ma'am. H.

### 👤 S. Patel
Thank you. Very good afternoon to all of you. This is the 46th AGM and today the share price quoted is 11,462. Just yesterday also, I checked the share price, it was 11,346. Within 24 hours, it has come up to 11,462. Excellent. The Rs. 32 dividend paid by the Company and our Company has almost 45 years of experience. Anyway, first I come to the questions, Ms. Shilpa madam, and then I will come to the details. However, I find that the foreign exchange has been very good. The inflow of the foreign exchange is 1,049 and the outflow is only 64 million. I would like to know, will this trend continue even for the next year and for the years to come? Sir, our EPS is down. It is from 64 crores last year to this year it is 46 crores. Why EPS is down this year? Our inventory level is quite high. If we can control it, it is from 2,278. It has gone up to 5,485. A little tight rate is to be continued on inventory level also. Sir, we have new product ventures. Any new product ventures are coming out in the market, new products, new other pharmaceuticals and any new joint venture you are coming out with other pharmaceutical companies. Any new products you are coming out in the market with our Company and how many patents Company has had and how many are passed and how many are still pending? Respective Chairman, Ms. Shilpa Nirula, Mr. Praveen Akkinepally, the MD of our Company,

### 👤 Page 18 of 23
eminent Directors on the Board. We have our CFO, Bhavana Agrawal and our most favourite Company Secretary, Manasa. R. We have our Maitri who has been very very helpful, very agile and very much on toes for allowing us to participate in this AGM. The CSR activities of the Company has been very good. We are sixth among MNC Company and we are second on oncology also. The awards have been excellent. All the employees from the management to the employee level, they have worked hard to achieve all these awards. I am quite happy to see the awards the Company has adopted. I find the revenues are also good. Revenue from operations is 1,716, almost 32% revenue growth. There is an income from last year 348, it has gone up to 406. Our reserves have shot up from 7,069 to 7,653. Very good that the reserves are up. Our bank balance is also up from 2.7 that of last year to 5.6 crores. Our cash balance is also up from 5,055 to 5,361. Any plans to utilize this cash and bank balance and how do you plan to use them? Our AstraZeneca, it is a British multinational pharmaceutical company situated in Cambridge, UK. And it is a blue chip Company with 45 years of experience in good healthcare needs. Mainly, Tagrisso and Paracetamol are our main products. But I would like to request the Directors and the management team to help us get good products like R-Vital, Phosphamine, Iberol and Surbex-T. They are very good for the human body. And as I said, precaution is better than cure. With oncology and other various products that we are into the market, we should bring these products also. And it is very essential to have them. So, especially Phosphamine, R-Vital, Iberol and Surbex-T. I support all the resolutions. I wish the Company all the very best. And I am Mrs. Patel from Mumbai. Thank you.

### 👤 Moderator
Thank you. I now call upon our next speaker shareholder, Mr. Satish Bhatt. Please accept the prompt on your screen. Turn on your webcam, unmute yourself and proceed with your question.

### 👤 Satish Bhatt
Hi. Thanks for giving me a preference. Sir, at the onset, I welcome our new Chairman, Ms. Shilpa Nirula and our new MD, Mr. Praveen Rao. Last year has been really good in terms of the performance of the Company. We have crossed the small milestone of $200 million. I think the entire team credit has to be given to the entire AstraZeneca team and our outgoing MD, Mr. Panchal. I think our CFO also has to be given the credit for increasing our dividend from last year to Rs. 32. Sir, we have been one of the fastest growing companies among the MNCs and I think the best among the listed MNCs here in the pharmaceutical industry. And I think our MD has made a very good presentation regarding how the current vision is to become an $80 billion company. And AstraZeneca being, I think, one of the key subsidiaries which is delivering high growth. So, I think we should be also in the high growth phase of something like billion dollar by 2030, maybe 1-2 years here or there. I think our 50th year vision should be something like a billion dollar. I think we can and maybe just 1% of the global pie by that time. I think and I congratulate Mr. Praveen Rao for the excellent presentation made on the performance of last year and the strategies going forward. So, that is the main thing. I think, sir, last year has been a year where I think our cancer has taken the growth on a phenomenal scale. And I think even in the Q1 numbers, it is the cancer only which is driving the Company. So, we have become a super specialist cancer Company. So, I just wanted to know, sir, cancer is now 70%-73% of the product sales. We have other portfolio which is around 27%. And I think our reliance on cancer has gone up to such an extent, we have to keep growing in excess of 50% to become a billion dollar. But

### 👤 Page 19 of 23
I think, sir, we have other portfolio in the cardiovascular and CVRM circuit, which more or less have plateaued post, I think DAPA going, you know. I think post-DAPA, I think, it's only the Brilinta which is giving us the incremental growth in the entire portfolio. So, what is your strategy in growing those brands? Because you being a cancer person last two years, you have made the Company differently. So, I think your responsibility is to grow the other small business, so that our reliance on cancer comes down to maybe 55%-60% which is currently at 70%-75%. So, that was my own thing. And, sir, Rare drug business, we have just started last year. We have received two approvals. And I think what I understood from my understanding of the industry, that government procurement is less than Rs. 1,000 crores on this Rare. And I think the diagnosis is one of the key factors, which is going to drive the focus of this segment. So, what is your strategy in making your cancer, your Rare disease a big business, you know, maybe in a sustainable business for a long period, maybe 10 years down the line. Can this become 15-odd percent of sales, which is there around globally, you know? So, that is my reason. And what type of investments we will have to make to make that business become meaningful? Because India has, I think, 6-7 crores of rare disease population per person, living in the country. So, what type of people, segments you are targeting? Maybe you are targeting very niche segments, where I think both government and the private sector has to come in a big way to grow that business. So, what is your strategy on that? That is one thing. And last year, sir, we have increased the permission to import of drugs from Rs. 1,200 crores to Rs. 2,800 crores. So, what I think, seeing the results, what you are seeing in the first quarter, it looks like we will double our turnover in the next two years. The way I think the reports are getting, because we also have inventory for March quarter, even for June quarter, and we are even building on our regular wages, big inventory there, you know? So, just are we on the right track to double our turnover every two years till, I think, 2030? So, that's my thing. And sir, I have already mailed my questions to Manasa. I think it would be having it very grateful, if you can throw some light on that. And what type of operational savings you are expecting once the plant is entirely closed, in terms of the manufacturing cost, employee cost? I think if you see the depreciation, I think the way we are moving, I think by the end of the third quarter, the entire plant will be written off, it looks like. So, will you throw some light on that? And then, sir, in Q1 numbers, this is for Bhavana. Sequentially, our other cost has gone up by 30%-40%. Are there any one-offs related to the plant closure? Or maybe, sir, it's more due to the increasing clinical trial expenditure? If you could throw some light on that. And sir, wish you all the best for the robust year ahead. And I think, I'll just take one minute extra. Our past Chairman, Mr. Seshadri, had a vision of this Company reaching billions of dollars. So, I would like to know what our new Chairman's vision is for this Company? Where she would like to see this Company before her tenure as a Chairman gets over? I'll be very grateful for that. Thanks, ma'am.

### 👤 Moderator
Thank you. I now invite our next speaker shareholder, Ms. Vasudha Dakwe. Please accept the prompt on your screen. Turn on your webcam, unmute yourself and proceed with your question, ma'am.

### 👤 Vasudha Dakwe
Thank you. Good evening, respected Chairman sir, Board of Directors, and my fellow shareholder, myself, Vasudha from Thane. The opening speech given by Chairperson is also

### 👤 Page 20 of 23
very informative and excellent. I will also be thankful to our Company's executive team for helping me to join this VC platform. I would like to ask, what is our market share price? In India and abroad also? What is our next 2 to 3 years CAPEX plan? Please highlight R&D expenditure and returns on it. With this, I support all the regulations and wish the Company all the best for coming financial year and my best wishes for coming Ganpati, Dussehra and Diwali festival. Also, please send a physical copy of the report. Thank you very much, sir.

### 👤 Moderator
Thank you. I will now invite Mr. P. Jayachand who has rejoined the meeting. Please accept the prompt on your screen. Turn on your webcam, unmute yourself and proceed with your question, sir.

### 👤 P. Jayachand
Good evening, respected Chairman, Board of Directors, Secretary and his team, and my fellow shareholders. I congratulate the management on the eve of this 46th AGM. I and my family members are proud shareholders of the Company. The management has put on great effort and doing a wonderful job. The only grievance of the shareholder is expecting better dividend and appreciation of share price because most of the shareholders, especially the senior citizens, are dependent on this dividend, sir. I also request the management not to take away the maximum profits into reserves. I hope the management will not let down the shareholders who have stood behind in thick and thin. I request the management to be cost effective wherever possible. The corporate governance is good. The CSR activities are good. Sir, how many employees are employed at present, sir? What are the future plans? How are we going to withstand the tough competition? I request the management to issue bonus shares, if not the rights issue, and make the shareholders happy, sir. Or you can reduce the face value also, sir. I support the management. I have cast all the votes in favor. I wish our Company all success and will touch sky heights. I request the management to consider the hospitality part of the shareholder, especially the speaker shareholder. I thank the management for giving me the opportunity, sir. Thank you very much, sir.

### 👤 Moderator
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we have now heard from all the speaker shareholders. I now hand it over to Ms. Shilpa Divekar Nirula. Thank you and over to you, ma'am.

### 👤 Shilpa Divekar Nirula
Thank you. Thank you to everyone, all the speaker shareholders, for the comments you have made, the confidence you've imposed in the Company and all the questions that you asked. I will endeavor to answer the questions as best as I can and with the help of Praveen and Bhavana who are alongside me here. Just to cover a few points to start with, I think there have been comments around requests from shareholders on various dimensions. I can assure you that as a Company, we evaluate what we can do best for our shareholders from time to time. You've been seeing that over the period of number of years that you've been associated with the Company and we will continue to do it and do what is the right step to be taken at that point in time. There were some questions around inventory levels in the Company and what kind of growth is planned. I think that came from a couple of people. So as you rightly pointed out earlier, one of the speaker shareholders, the inventory level has gone up and it has grown up in anticipation of the growth plans that we have. Some of the products that we have been launching as Praveen spoke about,

### 👤 Page 21 of 23
the growth has surprised us at times and therefore we are very confident with the work that our teams are doing in terms of the growth that we can deliver, which is why we are actually having the inventory position and our focus is entirely on making sure that product is available as and when patients really require it. So that's the whole reason for the inventory build-up. It is to support the growth of the Company and we are doing it in a very, very prudent manner. I think there were questions around new launches and what is planned. I think it was covered adequately and comprehensively by Praveen. There are a number of new launches stated over the next several years. As you have seen in the past 3 or 3 years, the products which are contributing significantly and immediate new launch that is on the cards is for the rare disease product. It is called Soliris and I think Praveen covered a lot about that as well. Praveen, maybe you can take this question around the different business categories and some of the categories other than oncology and biopharma and how you expect the growth of those and what you are doing, as well as cover the rare disease question as well in terms of how you see the prospects 10 years from now?

### 👤 Praveen Rao Akkinepally
Yes. Thank you, Shilpa. And thanks again to all of the speaker shareholders for some excellent questions and really appreciate it. So to the question on the different business units, as you saw, we are a pretty diversified business. Oncology has driven quite a bit of growth over the last year, but we are very much committed to all of the therapeutic areas. And in fact, I think Mr. Bhatt mentioned about the different business units and clearly, I started my career in biopharmaceuticals actually on Crestor, which is still a big driver. So very familiar with that portfolio, very committed to it. And what we believe is that as we move forward and as the new innovative portfolio comes through, we will continue to accelerate the growth in biopharmaceuticals, just as we have seen with the oncology. So very much focused on building on that. The question on rare diseases, I mean, clearly, as we said, it is early days. I think there is a lot of, I think, awareness that we need to invest in in terms of building awareness around the rare diseases. There's a lot of diagnosis of rare diseases that we are understanding is a key challenge in the country that we have to invest in. But we are very committed to it. As you pointed out globally, about 15% to 16% of our revenues come from rare diseases. We have a robust portfolio that we expect to continue to build. So we want to prepare the market in India as well for some of these sort of innovations. So I expect that this will be an ongoing effort. It will take several years, but we are certainly willing to sort of continue to be committed to the rare disease portfolio.

### 👤 Shilpa Divekar Nirula
Thank you, Praveen. Bhavana, there have been some questions around savings and costs. Can you throw some light around the efforts that the Company is making?

### 👤 Bhavana Agrawal
Yes, I think if you really look at our financial statements, right, we have been continuously looking at our resource allocation. And one thing which you will also appreciate is the way our employee costs have actually significantly reduced over the years. There was also a question around, I think, how come our EPS has reduced? I just want to highlight that our earning per share before exceptional items have actually increased by 25%. However, because of the strategic decisions of the Company, we had to book some one off items of about Rs. 90 crores

### 👤 Page 22 of 23
plus. And considering that our EPS after the exceptional item has actually reduced versus last year. Anything else, Shilpa? And I think there was one more question specifically related to other costs for Q1. I think this was from one of the shareholders. I think as we are growing, right, you've seen the results for Q1. Our revenue growth is 34%. And to drive that growth, we also have to invest in activities like marketing, medical pen etc. logistics. That has actually resulted in increasing the other costs. In addition to that, there are some clinical trials for Phase IV which we are investing in for the new launches which we are doing, which is actually resulting in those costs to increase for other costs. Thank you.

### 👤 Shilpa Divekar Nirula
Thank you, Bhavana. I think there were some questions around the healthy cash and bank balance of the Company, the CAPEX plans and the R&D expenditure. All I can say is that we continue to evaluate the investments that we need to make in India from time to time. As a global Company committed to India, we look at where we need to invest and make the investments. So I can only assure the shareholders that we will make the right level of CAPEX investments as required over the next several years, given the plans that we have for India. On the R&D expenditure, as you would know, research and development in AstraZeneca is a very integrated activity between global operations as well as the India business. There's a lot of work that happens globally. There are some aspects of the research and development that actually happen in the country. And based on that, we decide what are the appropriate products that would benefit patients in India and then decide to bring them here. So rest assured that when you think about R&D expenditure, the benefit that India is getting as a country in terms of the flow of products and medicines that we are bringing into the country is not just based on the R&D expenditure in country, but it benefits from the integrated program that exists globally. And AstraZeneca is no stone unturned to actually continue to focus on R&D as a global company. And we will continue to look for the right opportunities in India to bring products. I think there were several questions on what new products you are planning to bring in and so on and so forth. I think there was another theme around will we double the business? What would be the target when we look at 2030 and so on and so forth, as well as my vision for the Company. You know, for me personally, I think I cherish the association with AstraZeneca because of the cause that the Company commits itself to, which is health care and to really contribute to the lives of people. And I believe that so long and until that we as a Company in India are able to identify the needs of patients from a health care standpoint in India and identify the right products in our global portfolio, as well as develop the right products and bring them into the country. There should be no looking back. As you've seen over the last several years of us introducing some of the most innovative products that our Company has come up with. So I think with that, surely my vision would be for the Company to achieve great heights. And I believe if the cause that we are committed to is appropriate, which I believe it is, and we continue to bring the right products, the sky should be the limit. So I don't want to put a number on the table of what it can be. I certainly believe that if we stay true to our cause with your support, we will certainly continue to grow as a Company. I think overall we have covered a number of questions, right? So in the interest of time, maybe we can move along on the agenda. I thank the members for the interest in the Company's operations and also the questions that you've asked. If there are more queries, of course, from the shareholders, you can write to the Company Secretary at the email id

### 👤 Page 23 of 23
comp.secy@astrazeneca.com and the management will certainly respond to your questions. This concludes the business of the day. As informed before, the e-voting facility would close after 30 minutes. The results of the remote e-voting will be declared before Tuesday, August 19, 2025 after receipt of the Scrutinizer's consolidated report. The results shall be placed on the Company's website and will be intimated to the stock exchanges. Thank you, ladies and gentlemen, for being with us this afternoon. I wish the shareholders all the very best. Good health and stay safe. Thank you for your confidence. I now declare the meeting as closed. (After 30 minutes)

### 👤 Moderator
Dear members, the time for e-voting has come to an end. Thank you all for attending this 46th Annual General Meeting of AstraZeneca Pharma India Limited. Thank you.