
# CHALET - Fallback_Transcript_67

## Behavioral Analysis
✅ **[STABILITY]** No severe behavioral manipulation thresholds breached.

## Preparation
### 👤 K Raheja Corp Limited
Leading real estate developer in India for over 6 Decades

### 👤 Performance
Highlights for the quarter

### 👤 EPS*
* Not annualised

### 👤 Q1FY20
EBITDA *

### 👤 Margin %
* Treasury income lower by Rs 47 mn Quarter that was…

### 👤 Industry
Positive demand supply arbitrage

### 👤 Chalet Hotels Limited
ADR driven RevPAR growth Occupancy flat at 75% Effective cost management

### 👤 Impact of Elections
Slowdown in Consumer spends Shutting down of a major airline

### 👤 Chalet Hotels Limited
Lower Banquet and MICE revenue Hospitality City-wise performance

### 👤 Q1FY20 Segment Profit* Rs 854 Mn
*Segment Profit before Interest Depreciation and Tax

### 👤 MMR
Mumbai Metropolitan Region

### 👤 Hospitality Segment Performance
* Segment Profit before Interest Depreciation and Tax

### 👤 Q1FY20
Revenue

### 👤 (In Rs. Mn)
Revenue Break-up Q1FY20

### 👤 Updates
SLM impact Rs 68 mn (PY: Rs. 3 mn)

### 👤 Sahar Commercial Centre
Fit-outs in process

### 👤 The Orb - Sahar Retail
14 Outlets opened

### 👤 Inorbit Mall Bengaluru
Improved occupancy with improved rentals The Orb at Sahar

### 👤 Q1FY20
Revenue

### 👤 Segment Profit*
* Segment Profit before Interest Depreciation and Tax

### 👤 Consolidated Profit / Loss Statement
1 Exceptional Item on account of accounting adjustments for Residential Property at Koramangala Bangalore *not annualized ^Includes Exchange loss of Rs 199 mn

### 👤 6,679^
EBITDA

### 👤 1,154
Finance costs

### 👤 2,657
Exceptional items 1

### 👤 (14)
(Loss)/Profit before income tax

### 👤 (107)
(Loss)/Profit for the year

### 👤 (76)
Other comprehensive (expense)/income

### 👤 Rs. Mns
Debt Position as of June 2019

### 👤 (In Rs. Mn)
About Chalet.. Well Positioned to Benefit from Industry Trends

### 👤 Pipeline
Keys as of 31st March 2019

### 👤 Hospitality Segment Profit
before Interest Depreciation

### 👤 / 35.5%
EBITDA and EBITDA

### 👤 Margin – FY2019
~384K sq.ft.

### 👤 Mixed-Use  Retail Space
~483K sq.ft.

### 👤 Office
1.12 MM sq.ft.

### 👤 8%
Hospitality the leading business driver

### 👤 Our Hotel Portfolio
Strategically Chosen Brands at Key Locations Leading to Market Leadership

### 👤 The Westin Hyderabad Mindspace (427 Keys)
Four Points by Sheraton Navi

### 👤 Renaissance Mumbai Convention Centre Hotel (600 Keys)
Proposed to be rebranded as ‘Westin’ in 2020

### 👤 2-3
star

### 👤 3-4
star

### 👤 4–5
star Top tier 5 star

### 👤 Loved By Guest Award Winner 2019 - Expedia
- Four Points by Sheraton, Vashi

### 👤 Business Leaders Award 2019
- Four Points by Sheraton, Vashi Highest Intent to Recommend APEC Region 1st Quarter 2019 Awards (Out of 79)

### 👤 Proposed Pipe-line
Inventory (~410 keys)

### 👤 Infrastructure Opportunities
augurs well for the City

### 👤 Metro Line
Flyover widening on Eastern

### 👤 ~150
1. Non-binding MoU, matters under discussion 2. Non-binding term sheet, matters under discussion Strategically placed in Business Cities

### 👤 Metro Line
Improved road infrastructure

### 👤 ~170
1. Non-binding MoU, matters under discussion

### 👤 Business Model Built Upon Principles of Active Asset Management
Actively engage with hotel management team at each hotel to set operational and financial targets Drive performance through structured monthly review of reports generated by each hotel Conduct periodic meetings with hotel operator’s leadership teams Discuss and optimize pricing strategies to maximize room yield Review and execute renovation plans Review competitor set performance and penetration

### 👤 Market Leading Operating Parameters
Employee Cost as a % of Revenue (FY19) Staff per room ratio at 1.2

### 👤 14%
Power & Fuel Cost as a % of Revenue (FY19)

### 👤 7%
* Excludes impact of Forex Movement ** Segment Profit before Interest Depreciation and Tax

### 👤 FY19*
Consistent improvement in Operating Performance

### 👤 Hotel-led Complementary Mixed-Use Commercial and Retail Developments
Office and Retail (0.9 Mn sqft)

### 👤 Whitefield, Bengaluru
109K sq ft

### 👤 Sahar, Mumbai
374K sq ft in Prime Location

### 👤 Whitefield, Bengaluru
260K sq ft of Retail area

### 👤 +
Multiplex under construction

### 👤 Sahar, Mumbai
123K sq ft Food & Beverage

### 👤 Hub in Prime Location
Strategy of co-locating projects augur well for Business Demand coupled with optimal utilization of available land

### 👤 Hyatt Regency 4
Est. opening

### 👤 Keys / Total Build Up Area
~150 Keys & ~40k Sqft Convention Center

### 👤 ~260
~700k Sqft

### 👤 Location
Marriott Complex, Whitefield Est. opening: 20211

### 👤 Total Build Up Area
~400k Sqft.

### 👤 Ownership
Freehold

### 👤 Location
Mindspace, Hyderabad

### 👤 Westin3
Est. opening: 20201

### 👤 Keys
~170

### 👤 Ownership
Leasehold5

### 👤 Note
1. Dates are based on management estimates, subject to approvals 2. MoU for lease executed 3. MoU executed for the brand 4. LoI executed for the brand 5. Letter of intent entered for lease deed

### 👤 Disclaimer
This release has been prepared by Chalet Hotels Ltd (CHL) and the information on which it has been based has been derived from sources that we believe to be reliable. Whilst all reasonable care has been taken to ensure the facts stated are accurate and the opinions given are fair and reasonable, neither CHL, nor any director or employee of CHL shall in any way be responsible for the contents. Certain statements in this release concerning our future growth prospects are forward-looking statements within the meaning of applicable securities laws and regulations , and which involve a number of risks and uncertainties, beyond the control of the Company, that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in such forward-looking statements. The risks and uncertainties relating to these statements include, but are not limited to, risks and uncertainties regarding fluctuations in earnings, our ability to manage growth, intense competition including those factors which may affect our cost advantage, wage increases, our ability to attract and retain highly skilled professionals, political instability, legal restrictions on raising capital or acquiring companies outside India, and unauthorized use of our intellectual property and general economic conditions affecting our industry. Chalet Hotels Limited may, from time to time, make additional written and oral forward looking statements, including our reports to shareholders. The Company does not undertake to update any forward-looking statement that may be made from time to time by or on behalf of the company. The Company also expects the media to have access to all or parts of this release and the management’s commentaries and opinions thereon, based on which the media may wish to comment and/or report on the same. Such comments and/or reporting maybe made only after taking due clearance and approval from the Company’s authorized personnel. The Company does not take any responsibility for any interpretations/ views/commentaries/reports which may be published or expressed by any media agency, without the prior authorization of the Company’s authorized personnel. This release does not constitute a sale offer, or any invitation to subscribe for, or purchase of equity shares.

### 👤 E-mail
ruchi.rudra@chalethotels.com / investorrelations@chalethotels.com

### 👤 Phone
022 2656 4000 /4332

### 👤 Chalet Hotels Limited
Raheja Towers, 4th Floor, Block G, BKC, Mumbai 400 051

## Q&A
