
# BLSE - Fallback_Transcript_19

## Behavioral Analysis
✅ **[STABILITY]** No severe behavioral manipulation thresholds breached.

## Preparation
### 👤 Subject
Investor Presentation

### 👤 Dear Sir / Madam,
Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Schedule III of Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations 2015, please find enclosed an Investor Presentation with respect to Financial Results of the Company for the Third quarter and nine months ended December 31, 2024. You are requested to take the same on your records.

### 👤 Sameer Kumar
Digitally signed by Sameer

### 👤 Date
2025.02.10 17:29:43

### 👤 Safe Harbor
This Presentation and the accompanying slides (the “presentation”), have been prepared by BLS E-Services Limited (the “Company”), solely for information purposes and do not constitute any offer, recommendation or invitation to purchase or subscribe for any securities, and shall not form the basis or be relied on in connection with any contract or binding commitment whatsoever. No offering of securities of the Company will be made except by means of a statutory offering document containing detailed information about the Company. This presentation has been prepared by the Company based on information and data which the Company considers reliable, but the Company makes no representation or warranty, express or implied, whatsoever, and no reliance shall be placed on the truth, accuracy, completeness, fairness and reasonableness of the contents of this presentation. This presentation may not be all inclusive and may not contain all of the information that you may consider material. Any liability in respect of the contents of, or any omission from this Presentation is expressly excluded. This presentation contains certain forward-looking statements concerning the Company’s future business prospects and business profitability, which are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties and the actual results could materially differ from those in such forward-looking statements. The risks and uncertainties relating to these statements include, but are not limited to, risks and uncertainties regarding fluctuations in earnings, our ability to manage growth, competition (both domestic and international), economic growth in India and abroad, ability to attract and retain highly skilled professionals, time and cost over runs on contracts, our ability to manage our international operations, government policies and actions regulations, interest and other fiscal costs generally prevailing in the economy. The Company does not undertake to make any announcement in case any of these forward-looking statements become materially incorrect in future or update any forward-looking statements made from time to time by or on behalf of the Company.

### 👤 Consolidated Business Updates – Q3FY25
Financial highlights Total Income stood at Rs. 133.1 Crores as compared to Rs. 72.8 Crores in Q3FY24, up by 82.7% YoY. Q3FY25 total income includes Rs 52.8 Crores revenue from Aadifidelis Solutions Pvt Ltd (ASPL) (starting 26th Nov 2024). EBITDA* witnessed a growth of 84.8% YoY to Rs. 21.2 Crores in Q3FY25 from Rs. 11.5 Crores in Q3FY24. ASPL EBITDA margin* was at 4.4% for the period EBITDA Margin* including ASPL stood at 15.9% and excluding ASPL stood at 23.5% in Q3FY25. Profit after Tax surged by 76.3% to Rs. 14.0 Crores in Q3FY25 from Rs. 7.9 Crores in Q3FY24. PAT margin stood at 11.0% in Q3FY25. Out of ~Rs. 300 Crores raised through IPO, an amount of ~Rs. 78 Crores was utilised for acquisition of controlling stake in ASPL. Business highlights Completed acquisition of 57% controlling stake in ASPL, a leading player in distribution and processing of loans for corporates and individuals in India. The Business Correspondent business witnessed facilitation of over 3.4 Crores transactions with Gross Transaction Value of over Rs 21,000 Crores. Generated leads to the tune of over Rs. 2,900 Crores during the quarter (including Rs. 1,600 Crores of loan leads generated by ASPL). As of December 31, 2024, the company had 41,500+ CSPs and 136,700+ touchpoints including 8,600+ CSPs & touchpoints of ASPL. * EBITDA includes Other Income

### 👤 in Rs. Crores
Reported a robust overall financial performance EBITDA*

### 👤 Rs. 133.1 Crores
PAT Margin (excl. ASPL) EBITDA Margin* (excl. ASPL) EBITDA Margin*: 15.9% 774 bps YoY

### 👤 11.0%
542 bps YoY

### 👤 23.5%
vs. 15.8%

### 👤 16.5%
vs. 11.1% * EBITDA includes Other Income

### 👤 in Rs. Crores
Healthy growth trajectory in 9M period EBITDA*

### 👤 Total Income
PAT Margin (excl. ASPL) EBITDA Margin* (excl. ASPL)

### 👤 23.6%
vs. 14.7% 891 bps YoY

### 👤 17.5%
vs. 9.9% 760 bps YoY

### 👤 29.9% YoY
EBITDA margin*: 20.2%

### 👤 14.8%
* EBITDA includes Other Income

### 👤 Q3FY25
Revenue from Operations

### 👤 Q3FY25
EBITDA* & EBITDA Margin* (%)

### 👤 +76%
Revenue from Operations stood at Rs.127.6 Crores in Q3FY25, as compared to Rs. 71.7 Crores in Q3FY24 registering a growth of 78.1% YoY. EBITDA* increased by 53.1% YoY to Rs. 15.8 Crores in Q3FY25 from Rs. 10.3 Crores in Q3FY24. EBITDA Margin* stood at 12.4% in Q3FY25. Profit after tax grew by 76.3% YoY from Rs. 7.9 Crores in Q3FY24 to Rs. 14.0 Crores in Q3FY25. PAT margin stood at 11.0% in Q3FY25

### 👤 +78%
* EBITDA excludes Other Income

### 👤 9MFY25
Revenue from Operations

### 👤 9MFY25
EBITDA* & EBITDA Margin* (%)

### 👤 +83%
Revenue from Operations stood at Rs. 280.1 Crores in 9MFY25, up 23.0% YoY as compared to Rs. 227.8 Crores in 9MFY24. EBITDA* increased by 32.6% YoY to Rs. 41.0 Crores in 9MFY25 from Rs. 30.9 Crores in 9MFY24. EBITDA Margin* expanded by 107 bps YoY to 14.6% in 9MFY25 from 13.6% in 9MFY24. Profit After Tax (PAT) grew by 83.4% YoY to Rs. 41.5 Crores in 9MFY25 from Rs. 22.6 Crores in 9MFY24. PAT Margin surged by 488 bps to 14.8% in 9MFY25 from 9.9% in 9MFY24.

### 👤 +23%
* EBITDA excludes Other Income

### 👤 FY24
Revenue from Operations

### 👤 22.3
EBITDA*

### 👤 49.9
EBITDA Margin*

### 👤 3.4
PBT before Exceptional Items

### 👤 11.1%
^Including ASPL consolidation from 26th Nov 2024; EBITDA margin* (excl. ASPL) in Q3FY25 stands at 23.5%, expansion of 774 bps YoY * EBITDA includes Other Income

### 👤 Company Overview
BLS E-Services at a Glance BLS E-Services Limited (BLSe), through its tech-enabled integrated business model, provides digital and physical products and services in the G2C, B2C, B2B categories in semi-urban, rural and remote areas. BLSe has three business segments - Business Correspondent (BC) Services, E-

### 👤 Governance Services and Assisted E-services
Incorporated in 2016 and listed on BSE & NSE in February 2024, it is a subsidiary of BLS International Services Ltd., which is one of the largest global players in visa & consular services outsourcing segment.

### 👤 Bank/NBFC Tie-ups^
(for Business Correspondent)

### 👤 Business Correspondents^
(as on December 31, 2024)

### 👤 Million Transactions in FY24
(for Business Correspondent)

### 👤 Consolidated Financials
Rs.

### 👤 Crores
^Including touchpoints, bank tie-ups and BCs of ASPL * EBITDA excludes Other Income

### 👤 Incorporation of BLS-E Services
Private Limited as a private limited company

### 👤 Conversion of Company from
private limited company to public limited company Acquisition of shareholding in BLS Kendras Private Limited by way of equity swap

### 👤 Listing on NSE and BSE;
Acquisition of 57% stake in ASPL*, one of the largest players engaged in loan distribution & processing in India

### 👤 Key Milestones
*Aadifidelis Solutions Pvt. Ltd. and its affiliates

### 👤 E-Governance -
Government to

### 👤 Customers (G2C)
Business to Business to

### 👤 Stores
Government services facilitated to citizens directly via BLS owned kiosks such as BLS Sewa. This involves all the services floated either via State Government, Central Government, or District Jurisdictions. Current presence includes, UP CSC (Uttar

### 👤 and Aadhar QC
Referring to our Business-to-Business-to- Citizens model where we use 3rd party businesses as partners & touch-points to provide our services to the citizens. Provide services related to PAN Card,

### 👤 Consultancy, Insurance & Corporate
Banking Services, AEPS, e-Learning/BLS Edutech, etc. BLS works as Business Correspondents for Banks i.e., being an extended arm of the Banks to increase accessibility of their services to the citizens. We have a PAN-India presence for banks like

### 👤 Bank, IOB, Karur Vysya Bank, Utkal Grameen
Bank, etc. Touch-points working as a fully-branded BLS Centres to offer all B2B2C services along with additional services & product offerings. Having a PAN-India presence, it will offer all BLS services such as PAN Card, IRCTC Tickets, MATM, Money Transfer, e- Commerce, etc.

### 👤 Tech-enabled Digital Service Offerings
Bouquet of Services Provided by BLSe

### 👤 Business Correspondent Services
Advantage gained by our clients Highly motivated workforce Cutting edge processes - higher productivity and efficiency & return on investment Improve businesses competitiveness in their markets Huge network of partners and channels Clear understanding of how the services offered will impact their sales Comprehensive range of solutions Channels and distribution strategies Sales force recruitment and tracking Customer database maintenance Business and market intelligence Back-end sales support services A network of

### 👤 41,500+ BCs^
spread across

### 👤 India*
SBI - Reaching further Uttarakhand Gramin Bank - Expanding footprints

### 👤 Existing Customers
Delivering last mile banking services to unserved and underserved rural and remote population as a part of the Financial Inclusion Program of Govt. of India

### 👤 300+
Rural / Semi rural codes (#)^

### 👤 17,600+
Transaction Volumes (in Mn) (for 9MFY25)

### 👤 105+
*as on December 31, 2024 ^Including services offered, rural/semi-rural codes, urban codes and BCs of ASPL

### 👤 Jan Seva Kendra (CSC) on
behalf of Uttar Pradesh

### 👤 Government in India
Services of all UP-

### 👤 Government  Departments
through 22,100+ CSCs 330+ G2C & B2C services provided through CSCs One stop shop platform to offer citizen centric services of all the

### 👤 Departments. Majorly
Identity enrolment & updation, certificates, etc. Efficient and cost-effective methods of service delivery Enhance transparency and responsiveness of the Government to citizen needs Convenience to citizens by reducing the travel time to avail services from haphazardly located service delivery centres. Bring uniformity across states and reducing the need for intermediaries ‘BLS Center' is a dedicated B2B2C services portal ‘BLS Center’ is helping the village level entrepreneurs / retailers earn money from various value-added services that they can cross-sell to the citizens visiting their centers for G2C services Millions of citizens are already getting benefitted by accessing such value-added services near their habitat B2B2C Services being provided through Portal & Mobile App Cross-selling and Up-selling under Digital Services We intend to become the “Go to Market Platform” for various business verticals including fintech and digital platforms. The assisted digital convenience stores (BLS Touchpoints) act as the “One-stop solution” for availing various products & services on the digital platform called BLS Sewa app.

### 👤 Chief Financial Officer
He is a Chartered Accountant and Fellow member of ICAI, Bachelors’ of commerce (hons) degree from the University of Delhi. Associated with BLS group since 2012 and has over 16+ years of experience in the field of finance and accounts, leading technology integration, ERP development, and managing a vast network of 136,700+ touchpoints^. He is committed to financial inclusion, strategic leadership, and innovation.

### 👤 Independent Director
He holds a bachelors’ degree in science from Agra University. He was awarded doctorate in physics from the Indian Institute Technology, Delhi and a doctorate in science from Hokkaido University, Japan. He has been associated with the Central Scientific Instruments Organisation, under the Department of Scientific & Industrial Research, Ministry of Science & Technology, the Government of India.

### 👤 Independent Director
He holds a bachelors’ degree in arts (honours) in mathematics from Guru Nanak Dev University and Masters of business administration degree from Panjab University. He is retired as the Indian Revenue Services officer of the 1983 batch. He was also the principal chief commissioner of the Income Tax Department, Delhi region. While serving in the Government of India, he has also attended several mid-career training programs at institutes such as the Indian Institute of Management, Ahmedabad, the Indian Institute of Management, Bengaluru, the Syracuse University and the Harvard Business School on various aspects of management.

### 👤 Independent Director
She holds a bachelors’ degree in commerce from Chaudhary Charan Singh University, Meerut. She also holds a masters’ degree in business administration from Punjab Technical University, Jalandhar. Presently, she is also associated with Bright Avenue School as a senior manager accounts and has more than nine years of experience in the field of finance and accounts.

### 👤 Independent Director
He holds a bachelors’ degree in commerce and a masters’ degree in commerce from the University of Rajasthan. He has over three decades of experience in the area of board management. He is presently associated with Morepen Laboratories Limited as an independent director.

### 👤 Chairman
He holds a bachelors from Delhi University. He has over 10 years of experience and is the Joint Managing Director of BLS International Services Ltd. His business acumen and innovative thinking have played a vital role in the BLS International's exponential growth and successful corporate partnerships. He has received several prestigious awards, including the "ET Global Indian Leaders 2022 of the Year Award“ and was included in “Times 40under40” list for the year 2021.

### 👤 Officer
He holds a bachelors’ degree in engineering from Sambalpur University, Odisha. He has over 20 years of experience in the field of payment systems, financial inclusion, citizen services portfolio and expansion of retail channel for other value-added services and products. Presently, he is also a Whole-time Director in ZMPL (Subsidiary of BLSe). ^Including touchpoints of ASPL

### 👤 Corporate Structure
Only key operational subsidiaries have been included

### 👤 Assisted
e-commerce rests

### 👤 Information
Communication Technology application to build a win-win solution for village-level entrepreneurs and for people residing in rural regions who can assist them in a buying decision. Growth drivers for assisted e-commerce includes increasing internet penetration rate in India, increase in literacy rate in India, reduction in cost of fixed and wireless internet in India.

### 👤 (BCs)
work

### 👤 on
a commission-based model. The commission is paid as a certain percentage of the value transacted or a fixed fee per transaction depending on the agreement. Factors affecting BC industry includes increasing outreach of BCs in rural areas, increasing volume and value of transactions through BCs, facilities to make various types of bill payments through BCs, etc. BC industry size expected to grow at CAGR of 19% from FY22 to FY25.

### 👤 Department of Administrative Reforms & Public
Grievances (DARPG) had formulated the National e-Governance

### 👤 Assessment
(NeSDA) in 2019 to boost the e-governance endeavors and drive digital government excellence. A total of 56 mandatory services were assessed for every State & UT and 27 services were assessed for Central Ministries. As per NeSDA report for States/UTs (March 2023); Departments across States/UTs provides 15,601 services. 12,561 out of this 15,601 services are provided online(i.e. 80.5% of the services are digitized across States/UTs).

### 👤 1951 1961 1971 1981 1991 2001 2011 2021 2031P
India’s Population (In billion)*

### 👤 2031P
Households (In million)*

### 👤 FY30P
India is expected to be the fastest-growing major economy Middle India households witnessed high growth over fiscal 2012 to fiscal 2022* India’s population surpassed China in January 2023 and has become the most populous country. Additionally, India is expected to be the fastest growing economy. This would lead to significant demand for E-services, Banking Correspondent Services as well as assisted e-commerce services.

### 👤 Source
BLS E-Services Limited IPO Prospectus

### 👤 FY25P
BC Industry Size (in Rs. Billion) BCs work on a commission-based model. The commission is paid as a certain percentage of the value transacted or a fixed fee per transaction depending on the agreement. Some of the factors which are expected to drive growth of BC industry size are - increasing outreach of BCs in rural areas, - increase in BSBDA accounts and deposits, - increasing volume and value of transactions through BCs, - increasing government’s DBT schemes and funds, facilities to make various types of bill payments through BCs, - various value-added services provided by BCs such as Aadhaar seeding, mobile seeding, etc. - Additionally, growth in microfinance lending through BCs will increase revenue of BCs.

### 👤 Source
CRISIL MI&A Research Rural and semi-urban areas present significant opportunity for BCs BC Industry is expected to grow at 19% CAGR from FY22 to FY25P

### 👤 FY23*
Number of transactions (Mn) Value of transactions (INR Bn)

### 👤 Business Correspondent – Key Statistics (1)
Increase in Basic Savings Bank Deposit Account (BSBDA) due to Pradhan Mantri Jan-Dhan Yojana (PMJDY) and increase in Direct Benefit Transfer (DBT) amounts and beneficiaries have led to surge in volume of transactions in BSBDA through BCs over the years Number of transactions through BCs witnessed a growth of 23% CAGR while value of transaction witnessed a growth of 32% from FY16 to FY22. *FY23 data is till December 2022; Source: RBI, CRISIL MI&A Research Number of transactions in Basic Savings Account through BC Amount transacted in BSBDA accounts through BCs increased over the years (Rs. Billion)

### 👤 Business Correspondent – Key Statistics (2)
Number of transactions in Basic Savings Account through BCs (in Million) Presence of Banking Outlets in Villages (in ‘000) Banking outlets in villages grew at a CAGR of 33% between FY17-FY22 with 98% of banking outlets being operated through business correspondents in FY22 RBI guidelines state that at least 25% of the total number of banking outlets opened during a financial year should be opened in unbanked rural centers. The share of BCs in the total number of transactions increased from 52% in FY17 to 60% in FY22 majorly due to opening of banking outlets through BCs in rural areas and facilitating door-step transactions in remote parts of the country

### 👤 FY23**
Total Banking Outlets through BCs

### 👤 Share of BCs
*FY22 - provisional data by the RBI, there is a significant increase in data reported by few private sector banks for FY22 **FY23 - Data till December 2022.Source: RBI, CRISIL MI&A Research Opportunity in E-Governance for the next phase of growth

### 👤 Rank
India’s rank in e-Governance is improving, as per UN Survey

### 👤 0.7934
The E-Government Development Index (EGDI) is the weighted average of normalised scores on the three most important dimensions of e-Government: The Scope and quality of online services as online Service Index (OSI) The Status of the development of telecommunication infrastructure or the Telecommunication Infrastructure Index (TII) The inherent human capital or the Human Capital Index (HCI) India’s scores are low compared to other countries providing government services online

### 👤 Key Trends in E-Governance
In India, the national level e-governance programme called National e-Governance Plan (NeGP) was initiated in 2006 with 31 Mission Mode Projects (MMP) Due to the shortcomings in NeGP, the Government of India conceptualized ‘eKranti’ or NeGP 2.0 New and revamped projects are in accordance with the key principles of e-Kranti namely ‘Transformation and not Translation’, ‘Integrated Services and not Individual Services’, ‘Government Process Reengineering (GPR), among others The portfolio of Mission Mode Projects has increased from 31 to 44 MMPs

### 👤 Source
BLS E-Services Limited IPO Prospectus Efficient government management Empower Citizens through access to information Significant reduction in Cost with simultaneous growth in revenues Increased legitimacy of government Control on corruption in the administration Reduces paperwork and red-tapism in the administrative process Enhance delivery and efficiency of government services Increases transparency in administration Convenience to Citizens and Businesses Better planning and coordination between different levels of government

### 👤 Consolidated Key Financial Highlights
c

### 👤 9MFY25**
Revenue EBITDA* & EBITDA Margin*

### 👤 in Rs. Crores
* FY24 includes ~ Rs. 300 crores proceeds from IPO done in February 2024

### 👤 CAGR
** CAGR calculated based on Annualized Figures

### 👤 11.1%
* EBITDA excludes Other Income

### 👤 Consolidated Financials
Particulars (in Rs. Crores)

### 👤 9M FY25
Revenue from Operations

### 👤 13.2
EBITDA*

### 👤 41.0
EBITDA Margin* (%)

### 👤 19.7
PBT before Exceptional Items

### 👤 14.8%
* EBITDA excludes Other Income

### 👤 Consolidated Historical Balance Sheet
Consolidated (in Rs. Crores)

### 👤 ASSETS
Non-current assets

### 👤 366.3
Share Capital pending allotment

### 👤 Asset Light Model
Diverse sources of revenue and negligible customer acquisition and retention costs Proven track record of successfully integrating acquisitions

### 👤 Cross-selling & Up-
selling opportunities Network with Pan India presence

### 👤 Merchant
led business model wherein all the BLS touch points & BLS E-stores are either owned or leased by merchants. BLSe provide them with necessary technology and other infrastructure (as applicable) enabling them to extend services to the end consumers BLSe charge consumers with a service fee and transactional commission. Further charge merchants a registration fee, renewal fee, new service activation fee, etc other than the transaction fee for use of services available on their portal. BLSe have a history of acquiring complementary businesses, that complement existing capabilities, revenue streams

### 👤 and
marketing presence. Past acquisitions include Starfin and Zero

### 👤 57% of Aadifidelis Solutions
Pvt. Ltd., a loan distribution and processing company in

### 👤 India
BLSe’s ability to bring together the advantages

### 👤 of G2C, B2B and B2C
models within a single platform, provides a significant opportunity to cross sell and up-sell wide range of products & services to the citizens through its vast network.

### 👤 BLSe
has

### 👤 India
presence through its widespread network of

### 👤 BLS
Touchpoints. ^Including touchpoints of ASPL Way forward Focus on volume led growth across the three verticals of BCs, E-Gov & Assisted E-services Follow an aggressive strategy to win new government tenders for E-governance business New tieups with financial institutions viz Banks, Insurance companies, NBFC,etc Continue to engage with new vendors for expanding B2B2C service offerings of BLSe Enhance the quality of services thereby enhancing customer experience Further expand our reach in terms of BCs, BLS Stores and BLS Sewa kendras Organic growth Strengthen our technology infrastructure to develop new capabilities and consolidate our existing platforms Invest in technologies, infrastructure & manpower to tap exciting possibilities related to digitalization, last mile penetration & enhanced service experience Invest in technology to further build robust systems and processes Actively scouting for strategic inorganic opportunities, which would provide synergy to the existing businesses, with an objective to maximize shareholder’s value

### 👤 Mr. Rahul Sharma,  Executive Director & CFO
cs@blseservices.com

### 👤 Vikash Verma / Rohit Anand / Riddhant Kapur
vikash.verma1@in.ey.com / rohit.anand4@in.ey.com / riddhant.kapur@in.ey.com

## Q&A
