
# ANMOL - Fallback_Transcript_26

## Behavioral Analysis
⚠️ **[EVASION] High Evasion Density:** Management used unusually high deflection terminology.

## Preparation
### 👤 IN
| x : du AG

### 👤 LJ)
i) Mob. : +91-9435046554, 9876434000

### 👤 Web
: www.anmolindialtd.com

### 👤 | Android
: www.goo.gl/DCvQ6Q

### 👤 Sub
Transcript of Investor's Conference Call organized on May 23, 2023 to discuss Financial Results for the Quarter and Financial Year ended March 31, 2023

### 👤 Dear Sirs,
In continuation to our letter dated 24™ May, 2023, Please find attached the Transcript of Investor's Conference Call organized on May 23, 2023 to discuss the Financial Results for the Quarter and Financial Year ended March 31, 2023 for your information and records. Please take the same on your records.

### 👤 For Anmol India Limited
PARABH patsy

### 👤 REGD. OFFICE
:

### 👤 BRANCH OFFICE
lind Floor, 2/43, B-Block,

### 👤 Aggar Nagar, Ludhiana
Survey No.

### 👤 GST
03AADCA3712D1ZI Ph. : 0161-4503400

### 👤 GST
24AADCA3712D1ZE

### 👤 |
Ph. :0182-2237600

### 👤 M
+91-99786-33197

### 👤 Chakshu Goyal
Anmol India Limited.

### 👤 As
a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touch tone phone. | now hand the conference over to Mr. Chakshu Goyal from Anmol India Limited. Thank you and over to you, Sir. Good evening everyone. Thank you for joining us for our 4th Quarter and

### 👤 FY23 Results
Conference Call. We are pleased to have this opportunity to update you on the progress of Anmol India Limited and answer your queries. Before we start with the questions, | would like to give a brief background about myself, our founding promoter - Mr. Vijay Goyal and how we built Anmol India. Talking about myself, | have done my graduation in B. tech (Computer Science). | did my post- graduation in management from the prestigious Indian School of Business Hyderabad. Being part of Anmol India Limited has allowed me to contribute to the Company's growth and technological advancements and thereby fuel the Company's passion for innovation. However, | am humbled by the expertise and experience of our founding promoter - Mr. Vijay Goyal whose determination has been instrumental behind our company’s success. He comes from a very humble background and started working in the industry in 1985 and incorporated Anmol India in 1998. This 37 years of experience has been an invaluable asset to the company. Under his leadership and Anmol India Limited has transformed to leading supply chain management powerhouse in the commodity trade sector. Our business model focuses on providing end-to-end supply of commodities to a valued customer. We take pride in being a one stop solution for all their commodity needs. Key components involved in the supply and delivery process include technology and data driven demand for casting. Number 2 sourcing from reliable sources by leveraging our global connections. Third is the systems for quality assurance, robust banking and cash flow management, efficient logistics and transportation, expertise in port operations and cargo

### 👤 Page 1 of 11
handling, reliable last mile delivery, customer credit support to foster long term relationships

### 👤 and
proactive risk management to mitigate market fluctuations.

### 👤 All
these components together make up the supply chain management stack that we have worked so hard to build. In summary, we have developed an ever-evolving SOP or stack that serves as a framework for conducting business efficiently.

### 👤 SOP
is continuously fine-tuned

### 👤 and
adapted to accommodate the specific requirements of each commodity we import. By leveraging this well- established stack, we ensure streamlined operations and optimize our efficiency

### 👤 the
commodity trade. This helps us scale quickly and efficiently. Along with this, our extensive industry knowledge, years of experience, deep market insight along with strong customer relationship have been instrumental in our success. As we move forward, technology will remain a vital driving force for Anmol India Limited. Our steadfast commitment to leveraging technology goes beyond internal operations. The Anmol Coal mobile app currently utilized by over 2000 users, plays a pivotal role in price discovery and customer communication. Recently we have also introduced bidding options on the app. We expect the results of this feature to be seen soon in the second half of the year. By embracing technology we streamline operations, boost efficiency and offer innovative solutions to our valued customers. Going forward, there is a huge market explore and the company intends to diversify into newer commodities and geographies. Expansion into these commodities will be very strategic as in the company believes in either finding commodities that it can cross sell to existing customers during initial imports or importing those new commodities which its existing suppliers can supply effectively. Well, finally moving on to figures, | would like to talk about our Q4 and FY23 results. This year has been a huge achievement for us as were able to grow both are top line and bottom line despite the commodity market being very turbulent. This was possible due to the hard work of our entire team. Speaking specifically about financial performance comparisons, Q4 FY23 vis-a-vis Q4 FY22, our revenue from operations grew by 18.70% from Rs. 3311 crores in Q4 FY22. Rs. 370 crores in Q4 FY23. This was primarily driven by the addition of new product such as cooking coal, met coke, chemical in the portfolio and an increase in volume. EBITDA increased by 31.83% from Rs. 7.32 crores in Q4-FY22 to Rs. 9.65 crores in Q4 FY23. EBITDA margins increased from 2.34% in Q4 FY22 to 2.59% in Q4 FY23. This is an increase of 25 BPS. PAT increased by 40.18% from 3.16 crore in Q4 FY22 to Rs. 4.43 crore in Q4 FY23. PAT margins increased from 1.01% in Q4-FY22 to 1.19% in Q4-FY23 by 18 BPS. On the annual result front if we check annually revenue from operations recorded a healthy growth of 33.12% from 1059 crores in Financial Year ‘22 to Rs 1410 crores in FY23. The EBITDA increased by 32.74% from 27.52 crores to Rs. 36.53 crores in FY23. EBITDA margins remained around the same level. Profit after tax stood at Rs. 18.66 crores in FY23 as compared to Rs. 15.55 crores in FY22 witnessing a growth of 20%. EPS has increased by 19.90% from 13.67 in

### 👤 Chakshu Goyal
FY22 compared to Rs. 16.39 in FY23. We are pleased to announce a strong quarter and yearly earnings, which demonstrate the effectiveness of our operational approach. We firmly believe that the initial step that we have taken for diversifying our operations into new markets is a vital factor in achieving long-term success. | would like to thank you all. We will now begin the guestion-and-answer session. First question is from the line of Priya from PJ Investment. Please go ahead. How does the company plan to allocate its capital to support future growth? So, basically, when we talk about future growth, right, as | have already mentioned that going forward, we will be going to new commodities and new geographies, right and this is an ever- evolving process. So, all the money that is coming in anyways is being utilized for these kind of imports and facilitating the customer. So, it will be in that due process as we grow so more, more money is coming in, our banking system is very strong and we are getting stronger by the day right and we intend to pull that running into these newer avenues. At the same time we intend to allocate a good part, a good portion into technology as well. So, that we can become more strong on the technological front. Are there any plans to reinvesting in research and development marketing or expanding production capacity?

### 👤 That
is what | am saying research and develop so when | say maybe | put everything to technology. That term is technology. So, exactly what we are using technology for we are trying to understand the market data, right, so benefit technology | do not only mean Anmol Coal Mobile App. We have a lots of internal operations that way we use technology to gather data, to understand the market, to understand demand and where the market is going for that matter, right, what kind of commodities will be required in future for in any sector for that matter, let's say if we are supplying to cement. Right. So, what kind of commodities they may be required in the future, what kind of facilities they may be requiring the future, so all that kind of research, the team that is on the ground, right, how we can increase that to gather more data, to get a proof of things that that we are doing right. So, obviously we will be putting our resources into all those kind of things, research and development. R&D has always been one of the main focus of Anmol India Limited that is how we have been able to come up with this unique stack that we have built that | talked about and we believe R&D is very important. Talking about products | already told that we are adding commodities and when we are adding these commodities, it is a very strategic approach in the sense that we are adding those commodities that we can cross. So, normally we will be adding new customers for the those commodities, but for the initial imports, when we are taking certain exposure, what we do we first introduce those commodities which we can cross sell to our existing customers. So, that is how we grow. So, we are anyways putting money into those customers into commodities which

### 👤 Chakshu Goyal
we can cross sell, right. So, we intend to grow on a gradual scale that is how we intend to allocate that company. Priya, you have any further questions? No. Thank you. The next question is from the line of Jignesh Mali, an individual investor. Please go ahead. | just have a few questions sir. Number one, what were the primary drivers of the revenue growth of this quarter? So, as | said the primary drivers for the revenue for this quarter, number one, as | already mentioned, this was addition of certain new commodities like we started importing cooking coal a little bit, made coke a little bit, so we started with these commodity and that is how were able to add more revenue at the same time for our existing commodities also, we added certain new customers, right? So, that is how we got more and more revenue. Did the revenue growth translate into improved profitabilities and margins. So, if you understand our business model, how you work is that normally we have a very if you see the absolute profit has increased, the PAT margin has also increased by a little bit, but how we generally work is that whenever you procure any commodity, right we try to sell it back to back to big customers to everything. So, | did talk only one line about risk mitigation, right. So, we do not work on a speculative way. That is not how we work. What we try is whenever we are procuring a commodity, we try to sell it as much as possible, right and so as to mitigate that risk and earn nominal profits on it, right so, this helps us rotate the capital at the same time and do more revenue also while also decreasing our risk. At the same time when we are selling itin advance, any imported stuff in advance what happens is that the idea is to sell it. | would say absolutely to peg it to the dollar value so that even the dollar risk is also passed on to the customer, right? So, that is how we are doing business in this particular thing. So, yes, you might not say very much changes in profit margins, but yes, the absolute profit will grow because we are exploring more and more markets. Okay. So, are there any challenges or risk that might hinder future growth or prospects? As of now, if | were to talk about it like, so now we have entered as | told you about, we have entered into cooking coal, met coke and we are doing some chemicals also, right. So, these commodities, these are unaffected because cooking coal met coke, are, you could say are infrastructure commodities. They are used for creating steel and stuff and chemicals anyways a commodity that can be used in various ways. Now coming to thermal coal, yes, there can be

### 👤 Jignesh Mali
certain things that like the renewables coming in and stuff like that, but at the same time if you see although these things are in the news, but still, if you see the government is giving more and more to coal in the way that they are giving bigger and bigger targets to Coal India Limited for production right, imports are increasing that way. So, yes, on the surface, it may seem that renewables are coming and everything, but at the same time, the demand for coal is huge in India and today India is like the customer hub for coal, right and a huge portion of India 's energy needs is met through coal. | am not sure of the exact number but probably more than 60% of energy needs is met through coal, right? So, it is very difficult to shift that right. At the same time, what is happening now, the plants are becoming more efficient so that they do not create that much pollution now if you see the cement plants and everything they are very efficient in that way. So, | think that will give more opportunities for coal. Okay. So, what type of you know initiative you are taking or any strategies are in place to continue expanding the customer base or entering in the new market like?

### 👤 So,
| already talked about this. If you talk about the new market as

### 👤 in
let us say new commodities, right, | will just give you an example of how we did this cooking coal thing. | think it will be much easier to explain to example. So, were doing coal with this particular customer that he is supplying to, it is a cookery. Cookery is basically people who create met coke. So, were already supplying a different kind of coal to it. Now these people are again one of the biggest buyers of cooking coal. So, | already had a relationship with him due to as | was supplying coal to it. For that matter let us say there is some industry that | am supplying coal to because coal is an energy product. But now it requires a chemical for that matter, right? So, that is how we are expanding that is the strategy of expansion that we take our existing customer base, find out the other commodities they require in bulk right then find out whether we have strength to supply that commodity, right. So, again, when we procured this cooking coal, some of the suppliers where people who we are in regular contact with because of our existence in coal, right, so that is how we work. We either try to cross sell to our existing customers or try to procure from suppliers who we are already associated with. It becomes very easy because if you think about it like we have added new commodities at the same time, the profit margins have increased. So, normally when you enter a new market you do not get the same amount of profits. You are now exploring a new market. So, there has to be some sort of customer acquisition cost to it, but you still see that the margin has still increased even though we have entered new market. So, that is a testament to our strategy that we as a cross- sell or buy from the same source and after we have excelled in a commodity then we can think of entering into contracts with newer suppliers, entering into with newer customers. Apart from that for existing commodities, yes, we have very-very. effective and very-very hard working sales team that is always on the lookout for new customers. We are attending conferences, we are meeting with people. So, our philosophy has been always to be on the field and that is how we intend to increase our customers. Are always thinking like you are on a on a ground level. Yes, got it. Got it.

### 👤 Chakshu Goyal
Exactly because we have risen from the ground. So, that is how we, so our founding promoter, he always inspires us to be on the ground. So, that is how we always grow further. Okay, done. Got it sir. Thank you very much for your precious time. It was really nice to talk with you. Thanks for taking your time to listen about the company and everything. It is really useful this phone call. We have some blurry vision now after this conversation. The vision is clear from our end. Thank you so much. Yes, for us as well sir. Thank you. Thank you. The next question is from the line of Suman Gupta from Bharat Stock. Please go ahead. Yes sir. What are the key risks and challenges that company failed in achieving its growth objectives? Okay. So, actually a little bit of this was already discussed in the last question that as | said that the policy right that that might be a thing, but we have already. So, | talked about coal and now we are diversifying. So, to make it more risk free to mitigate that risk, we are now diversifying into other commodities as well. Right, that is one, but at the same time at the the policy risk although that is that always loses any business for that matter, but we do not see that as bigger for this because the commodity that we are dealing with the coal right, although we are now doing apart from coal also, cooking coal and met coke, you cannot put them in the same basket as thermal coal. Those are infrastructure commodities. But if you talk about coal also like just to give you an example, that is why | am taking coal. That is why | am focusing on coal. So, if were to talk about the policy risk as | discussed before even that we do not see much because government is pushing coal in the way that it is asking coal India to produce more, right? The coal India is not able to produce the given whatever so, if you | am not sure about so, yesterday or day before yesterday only | was reading the news that it was in the newspaper. | did not read a circular, but it was in the newspaper that NTPC has rolled out something for imported coal. It is now trying to procure imported coal. So, by these kind of things only you can see that what is the demand of coal? What is the scale of coal and every day you read like 7 days of coal is remaining, 3 days of coal is remaining. So, | think a more better way of understanding what coal is through these news. That actually how dependent we are on coal, right? So, let's not go by the global thing that what is happening here and there, because even when this Russia Ukraine thing happened, people understood the importance of coal. Power plant started running back in Europe and | believe this is my opinion personally, | am not sure what they are going forward, but now this has given a signal to the global community that lets always keep coal in our kitty in the sense that let us say Europe was there, it has shut down a few power

### 👤 Vanshika
plants and now this the Russia Ukraine war happened they were not getting the fuel they had to reignite the power plants. So, going forward, | believe even they will understand. Let us not totally curtail coal, let us always keep that running. Otherwise, the next time this happens, there will be an even bigger power issue. So, we feel we feel differently, although that risk is there and end-risk is there with any business, but we feel very differently about coal that itis not going anywhere and again we are not totally, although | am talking more and more about coal because that is where our roots lie , but going forward, we are not just dependent on coal, right? So, we did get some good quantities of cooking and everything and recently we also gave in the news also to BSE and NSE and when we did this last year and we got good results, so we have also formed a specific committee to look after these cooking coal, met coke, chemicals and stuff because we got good results in the last year, so we are now more focused on them also that let us also create a specific committee for these commodities as well. So, are there any regulatory, legal or geopolitical factor that coal impacts future performance?

### 👤 So,
| told about policy that is that is one. But apart from that we do not see much because | do not see any other factor over there right because if | were to think about commodities as in. So, if you take again so, my way of answering is through examples, okay, forgive me for that. But let us talk about Corona period. Yes. So, if you know about it, everything was stopped. Whole and essential commodity and even at that point of time, it was not stopped, it was still going on. The transportation was going on. Everything was going on? So, this year and the corona period, the corona year, we feel those were the 2 biggest achievement for us because those 2 were the most turbulent years that we have seen in our business and we were still able to come out of it with flying numbers and colors, whatever you would like to say. So, although we are doing profits in everyday business every year, that is fine. But those 2 years we feel that we have achieved something because of our hard working team and everything because those were very turbulent years. Yes. Thank you. Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vanshika from Horizons Stock Market. Please go ahead. Vanshika we are not able to hear you clearly. We request you to please call back from an alternate line. Are you planning any new acquisitions? Acquisitions as in you mean to say companies and stuff? Yes.

### 👤 Chakshu Goyal
| am not very sure whether we can answer those kind of questions but | will just stick to the point here. So, we are very much into technology and we are growing our technology as | said that we have now introduced some new features where in customers can bit on our technological platform and in that way they can help us. So, on the technological front we may. | am not sure about the position, but we may be looking for some tie ups or any kind of venture joint venture. | am not sure as | said right because it is all about opportunity. So, yes, we are on the lookout for tie ups maybe right, which can help us take our technology came to the next level. Because we very much believe that the commodity game is very much driven by technology, you need to have real time news. You need to have even we can use various kind of things whether it is machine learning, artificial intelligence, everything is coming up nowadays, right and to boost up our technology progress, | believe some sort of tie up some sort | am not sure about but tie up acquisition or whatever that is that will be very much beneficial and yes, in that way we are on the lookout for opportunities where we can join hands with people who are very much expert in these fields whether it is machine learning, whether it is artificial intelligence, for predicting demand, for predicting prices in that way. So, yes in that way, we are in the market, but whether will it be an acquisition, whether it will be joining hands with some entity or another arrangement, we do not know as of now, or we might do something in house also because | am also working as a CTO in my company, as formal CTO in my company as | come from an engineering background and | have very much passion for technology. So, back in 2016, when we launched our first app, Anmol Coal app that was developed by myself only, but after that. | got more into business operations and then we moved into getting people who will develop it for us. So, going forward in that way, we might be looking for something. Okay. Thank you. Thank you. The next question is from the line of Tejas Mehta from KST Trading Company. Please go ahead. Yes sir, which are the commodities other than coal company deals with and | would also like to know about the exchange you launched last year in 2022. So, the commodities that we are working in right now it may be different-different proportions. So, we are doing in coal spare obviously. So, we are also doing cooking coal, now cooking coal let us not confuse it with thermal coal, as | already said, right met coke is there metallurgical coke is there, then we are also dealing with iron pellets and soda ash is there and so on and so forth. So, we are adding more commodities to it as we are going forward. And the trading app you had launched last year? Of course you are talking about Anmol Coal Mobile App.

### 👤 Chakshu Goyal
Yeah. So, Anmol Coal Mobile App is basically so, when we begin now, it has transformed to a different thing. Initially we began a different way. Now we have done like a price discovery is there so customers can come in. So, we track those kind of things when they are opening, when they are closing and stuff like that. So, the idea behind it is that customers can discover price. They can discover the conditions on which a particular contract is available. At the same time as

### 👤 |
said going forward, we have already introduced a bidding option over there where the customers can bid for a limited commodity quantity in a day, and then we can approve those contracts on the application itself, right understanding. So, there is a validity period to that as well. So, we can always choose like let's say a customer is biding for 13,000 another customer bids for 13200 so there is validity to it. So, we can always choose the higher pricing option in that way. So, going forward, we will be developing it a lot more, right. We may make it and So, what we may go. So, there are certain plans in the making right now that how we may use it, but currently this is the bidding option that we have introduced. So, is there any other application or any other government recognized platform where these biding can be done for coal? Government recognized, so to bidding as in you have this CIL is there. The CIL does through bidding, but that is a whole different ball game, because there what happens you have the manufacturer is CIL it is conducting an auction for its commodities, right. So, that is

### 👤 in
a different way. It is for a domestic coal right and what we are trying to do, so this is just we are just trying to see what we can make it into right now. It is still in the development, but that that is the government one and currently what we are doing is a private thing, right and here we are not doing like so the kind of bidding that government does. It is very like you bid and then you are able to see the price and then another person builds what we are doing is people can bid their best price and then wait for approval in that way, right? So, if you're talking about government one, the one | know of is conducted by CIL as coal auction MSTC and stuff like that. So, over there everyone can see the prices where the bids are going on. In the government one. Yes. Yes, in the government, so the government, so | think this both the platforms are very different in that way that government one is for those commodities only which they manufacture number one and they have an exclusive right to it because nobody can do that. The second thing is that | believe they do an auction every month. There were a lot of commodities that they are producing and they are doing it through auction. The prices can be seen, yes, while bidding you can see the price, what it was closed for, what you are getting, whether you are

### 👤 Chakshu Goyal
winning or not, that is that is something different. Our platform works in a little different way, | would encourage you to download the app and try it out maybe we can do a trial kind of a thing. So, you can just download the app, check it out there is a lot of differences in both those platforms. So, how much volume does the app generate Anmol Coal App? So, as | said this this bidding option has recently been introduced and we expect some so itis just very so, earlier it was more of a price discovery platform in the sense that we were giving the conditions price discovery. We were sending notifications to customers, right, whenever the price changes was there in that way, they were associated with us. So, that was in the initial days, but now we have recently introduced this. So, | think we will be in a much more better able position to give the results in the coming days. Okay and last question, does the profit from this application goes to Anmol India or they both are independent like that? The Anmol Coal Mobile App is owned by Anmol itself. Okay. So, the profit in future or now goes to Anmol India, right? No, no. | am not sure what you are trying to say because Anmol Coal Mobile App is owned by Anmol India? Okay. Right now, there bidding has been recently introduced and so we will see how it works out. So, the data that is propriety Anmol only because whatever data is coming through that Anmol Coal Mobile App. So, in the name itself you have Anmol Coal, right. Yes. Thank you, sir. That's it. As there are no further questions, | now hand the conference over to Mr. Babu Llal Saini from Anmol India Limited for closing comments. Mr. Chakshu Goyal, would you want to proceed with the closing remarks please?

### 👤 Well,
| thank you everyone for being here. Itis a wrap on a great concall. Seeing this, everything we would definitely like to do it on a regular basis to keep our investors updated in terms of what is happening, what we are doing in the company and everything around. Anmol India is committed to delivering long term value to its stakeholders. So, thank you all of you and thank you so much for coming here. Thank you.

### 👤 Moderator
Thank you. On behalf of Anmol India Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines.

## Q&A
