
# CHOICEIN - Fallback_Transcript_44

## Behavioral Analysis
✅ **[STABILITY]** No severe behavioral manipulation thresholds breached.

## Preparation
### 👤 REF
CIL/CC/54/2022-23

### 👤 The Manager,
listing Department

### 👤 Sub
Investor Presentation

### 👤 The Joy of Earning
Please find enclosed a copy of Investor Presentation on the Un-Audited Financial Results of the Company for the Quarter ended September 30, 2022. Kindly take the above document on your record.

### 👤 For C .~\
~onal

### 👤 Sunil Patodia Tower, J B Nagar, Andheri East, Mumbai - 99
T +91 22 67079999 E info@choiceindia.com

### 👤 CIN No. L67190MH1993PLCo71117
"'"' .choiceindia.com Letterheads. Keeping words official.

### 👤 Shah
Digitally signed by Karishma Praful Shah

### 👤 DN
c=IN, st=Maharashtra, 2.5.4.20=a6490378fe9890fdbf48c1faee029a85f5c cc9e15f0b67888399e6e72615a7fc, postalCode=400057, street=Zaveri

### 👤 East,Mumbai,Mumbai,
pseudonym=da460ced58781c26ecfea226a8cd5f e6, serialNumber=977289008ff28a5d3219d98e9b79 b0ac348a30f5e3290f99467ab3bfaccdcfa3, o=Personal, cn=Karishma Praful Shah, title=2015

### 👤 Date
2022.10.17 17:35:18 +05'30'

### 👤 Group Info
A diversified mix for sustainable business

### 👤 Broking & Distribution
· Number of Demat Accounts increased by over 30% in the last six months to 607K. · Choice ranks at No. 15 as per NSE's active UCC list. the Active Clients increased by 146% in the last one year to 276K. · Assets held by stockbroking clients totalled toRs 165 Bn .. an increase of 35% YoY. · Braking Services Revenue and PAT increased by 17% and 40% on QoQ basis respectively. · Assets under Management for Mutual Funds stood Rs. 3514 Mn .• an increase of 72% on YoY basis. · Insurance premium generated grew by 124% YoY toRs. 121 Mn.

### 👤 NBFC
o Loan Book grew by 17% Yo Y to Rs. 3.40 Bn. o As on September 30th 2022. the Net Non Performing Assets (NNPA) is 0.12%. o 260+ employees dedicatedly working under various roles of IT. credit. operations. marketing and sales. o The Digital Lending Book increased 9 times in the last quarter to Rs. 203 Mn. o Fastest development of Tech Stack and User App (Choice Money) across the Industry.

### 👤 Advisory
o Focused contract execution of Jal Jeevan Mission projects during the quarter. o Half yearly segmental Revenue stood at Rs. 322 Mn. o Advisory operations being carried out in 10+ States.

### 👤 The Joy of Eoming
A diversified mix for sustainable business

### 👤 Total NBFC Employees
[. NSE Active UCC List as on 30th Sept 2022 l L Arrows and Figures indicate YoY change

### 👤 Q2 FY23 Highlights
Revenue (Rs. Mn) EBITDA (Rs. Mn)

### 👤 The Revenue
EBIIDA margin for

### 👤 Lower PAT
the quarter margin is a result was primarily remained at 22.1% contnbuted by when compared of aggressive

### 👤 I
to22.3% in geographical with an increase

### 👤 I
previous quarter. expansion and ofTl% Goa. development of EBIIDA Margin ore NBFC division in lower due to semi-urban aggressive space. expansion.

### 👤 Q2FY23
Revenue Share

### 👤 72%
per share

### 👤 StockBroking Services
An end-to-end broking ecosystem for capital markets access

### 👤 of Active Clients (000)
•I iiii

### 👤 60+
19 to 35

### 👤 11%
46 to60

### 👤 17%
36 to 45

### 👤 of Demat Accounts (000)
Ranking as per NSE's active UCC List iii

### 👤 Age Group
• Our clientele is made up of about 54% young people, aged 19 to 35, who are familiar with technology and have longer investment life cycles. • With no dependents. young earners typically have more disposable income. • Savings grow and become a source of investment as people age. • This significant young population originates from regions with little economic growth or access to financial products. Our revenue will increase tremendously as financial services in these locations become more developed • Better understanding of financial products has been achieved as a result of social media and internet exposure.

### 👤 Jiffy Active Users (000)
Total number of Transactions (000)

### 👤 ADTO (Rs.Mn)
s.n2

### 👤 5.448
s,Jn

### 👤 Choice International Ltd.
Expe rt *¥*

### 👤 DerivatiVe
All the research calls .!; jp1<11 segment are generated by automated ails ba•ed on ;)uar~tilal•va ~C- a Performance of last 90 days (i)

### 👤 ~ 133
Stop low Hit hrptHt

### 👤 ""'
..... (i) l•ac y

### 👤 Today. 10
09 AM

### 👤 110.75
3~f3.02 I

### 👤 Ba
folt of - con-1 rlloSIIi~Jiec:tt~donlhe basaaof factors u h ~ tr wth n •ate• aod low voJatll1ty

### 👤 CAOR(Syr)
.R. 164 usors •nvostod m r h1s basket

### 👤 Domestic White Goods
ths1 ar In tho eonsumer durabLIIa •oetor w1th ario< .. l 1-- re and lnervatung pt"ant margins

### 👤 Mr Am
't

### 👤 CAGR(5yr)
A 89 usors Invested m th is baskot

### 👤 Pharma First
Pt, m c;o rc r

### 👤 Qr
ty pn rm out1cal compa11 os th~t are rtmk. ns tndla tl

### 👤 Phar
~y r tho Wotld f 18,258.75

### 👤 Supermarket
fMCG 1es That eomprfao the f:.st mo\long eonaumer ICl<lr w t, COI'l'$t$tont ca!Oh ftow. and proht mar

### 👤 Recent Stratet,Je•
Marut1 • W1th momentum change

### 👤 L!!!
.•.

### 👤 Create Stratezy
Backt .. t

### 👤 Read More
Read Mo,.

### 👤 ~
..:¥

### 👤 UVitTrade
11melyAierta

### 👤 Ae.ct More
Simp lifted UI I UX

### 👤 Insights Company Page
• A screen that allows users to quickly and easily analyse the spread between Cash, Future, and the money CE PE More than 80% of users trade at the money CEIPE, and they discover that users take an average of 5 seconds, which slows down thei'" trading pace. Jiffy's company page provides this information in a flash, at the tip of your finger. The availability of all necessary information on a single page enables users to make better trading and investment decisions.

### 👤 ,,., ••J<.Iil
a • \.a. · 11•11ilil Jl{J ..... ,..;lC-«l I!UIA1'0l-.O.

### 👤 2,376.<Ul
Market depth

### 👤 IIIIUAHCI!
,.,. ...

### 👤 ·-
ll-"1.lil9 .... , . ..,.. un.2• c:~"" '-

### 👤 11•-... .. )
~ .. ....

### 👤 ~
~2- l w

### 👤 ~~
:tla.ncr

### 👤 Trading APis
Developed Scalable, Easy & Fast APis for Algos. Anyone can connect Algos, strategies & marketplace with Choice Trading APis. These Trading APis can be used by any FinTechs I Startups I Algo traders or anyone who wishes to create a custom investment or trading interface.

### 👤 Key Highlights
• Unlimited order requests can be served in a day. • 500 orders I minute. Flexible with front-end systems. • Easy integration .

### 👤 Current Stats
lOK+ Daily orders placed via our Trading APis

### 👤 3K+
Average daily orders sent through each of our partners Our Partnerships built on these APis: algobullse l1LG®CRl1B

### 👤 220K+
No. of orders being sent on monthly basis

### 👤 Insurance Broldng Services
Rapid expansion via new branches, Steadily increasing client base including marquee corporates • Online Platform for motor and health insurance products for instant quotes, comparison and policy issuance • Focus on building Product Specific Specialized Teams to ensure suitable Advisory and Support throughout the policy period for both Corporate and Retail Clients • Home and Appliances Insurance - Home Insurance is a very new concept. This covers client from damages caused by electricity load, floods, theft, etc. Further extended warranties on white goods are high in cost and people generally don't prefer that. We are working towards Insurance product which can cover such faults/ damages and its offering such as insurance with OEM tie-up. • Small ticket Health Insurance - With so much awareness caused by Covid-19, a lot of people plans to buy health Insurance for their family but the premiums are out of budget for them. We are working on health insurance plan which has the right mix of coverage and is affordable too.

### 👤 Key Partners
~rchola~Ms

### 👤 GENERAL INSURANCE
(J)ICICI~lomba rd <Hh'" "' ••su•••«

### 👤 Traceld
9892705133698004 d:l

### 👤 Sell
Q compare See details > •• :Z:::. At<>gta Supreme Pro

### 👤 [
]

### 👤 Cover
f 4 lakh v

### 👤 No Cla1m Bonus
Upto 100" 0

### 👤 Co-Payment No 0
O compare see details > my:health Suraksha -Sliver

### 👤 Cover
~ 5 lakh

### 👤 Pre Existing Ots.ease
4 years 0

### 👤 Co-Payment
No 0 2more plans v O compare See details > tl

### 👤 ...!.!
:,..._ Cover: f 5 lakh ::.

### 👤 G
::t

### 👤 Share
Talk to us

### 👤 ©
Show difference

### 👤 Tenure <D
1 Year v

### 👤 0 Unique Features <D
• Sum Insured refill

### 👤 E-oplnlon
• Domestic emergency assistance service (Including alr ambulance) • Recovery benefit

### 👤 0 Cashless Hospitals <D
my:health Suraksha -

### 👤 Sliver Smart
f 5 l akh .., 1 Year v • No room rent capping

### 👤 X
• Annual health checkups

### 👤 Businesses
atJa!a 147001

### 👤 Total Premium
•inc. GST

### 👤 Personal Details
Tit le

### 👤 Email
gurtej.shanma@cholcelndl a.com Address for self

### 👤 Financial Performance
Trae• ld: 989347305813370710 v f 6,663 ,.

### 👤 Mar~ed
Mobile No. e Address line 2 Ga I have read & accepted the Insurance

### 👤 The Joy of Eoming
Trace ld: 9B934730S8133707 ltl Thankyou for choosing

### 👤 .../
Your P.yment foe ' e,e&3 WISIUccessful Your policy document has been successfully saved ln My Account Page. You can visit the My Account ··page· to·r~itrie·ve-your policy copy at any time.

### 👤 Wealth Services
Diverse product mix for better investments • A trusted advisor and AMFI registered mutual fund distributor • Strong research team to support client advisory • State of Art App "lnvestica" provides end to end services for Wealth Management and investment in Mutual Funds

### 👤 SIP Book (Rs. Mn)
J Li iJ i

### 👤 I
i I

### 👤 Total Folio (000)
101 . J iIi

### 👤 OWN GOAL
We curate goals for our clients based on research. One can even create their own goal with a target amount.

### 👤 AI,. Returno
3 yra

### 👤 Abs. R
n. ln3yn

### 👤 56%
We create Baskets based on customer profiles, risk tolerance, and other factors. Our Research teams have pre-defined weights for these baskets for various schemes.

### 👤 5Yelllf1;,.1urn
This Basket Is Idea l for salaried protessioollls. W'ho warn to pl(ln their tMn with ease fOO" the yeN Why this bas.ket"

### 👤 Group Info
N'>W. d01'1"1 wa t l1l lhe end ol the lln aoell!ll year to lnvesl •n ta x aavlr'lg v , ...

### 👤 3V
e Thla Basile! e Sensex Sl'lowng Basket's Performance since Ocl 09. 2019

### 👤 Mirae Asset Tax Saver Fund Growth
!if1,000

### 👤 ,
Performance of the baskets can be tracked on a real time basis. One can access the risk and return of various profiles and compare it with the index return as well.

### 👤 In-house Technology Expertise
In-house technological arm to build digital products for all our business divisions • Certified with ISO 9001:2008,1SO/IEC 27001:2013, CMMI Level3 • Indigenously built apps "Jiffy", "ISMOS", "lnvestica" and constant updates from the team to keep up with trends • Proactive identification of gaps and error (if any) with timely and effective resolution of the same to ensure a smooth user experience • Dedicated team of over 14 7 + members focused on enhancing customer experiences Business Impacts using Technology: • Major performance boost in terms of Data Rendering & Operations- by optimizing Business Data rendering to the tune of 200ms - 500ms from earlier up to 1 minute. • Rolling out Opportunity Generator for improved cross sales by event based data analysis of customer's trading activity. • Integrated equity and mutual fund on-boarding journey on our platform by incorporating Single Sign On. Brief milestone of the performance of our home-grown products

### 👤 ~ Software Development
c»

### 👤 Q Cloud Architecture
i~~ IT security

### 👤 Choice Connect
To enable individual agents to become full service financial advisors with the help of proprietary engine, engaging trainings and digital execution of services • As a company we are strong believer of Human Touch in Financial Services and hence we are working in Phygital Mode to acquire and service clients. • To make the business sustainable and to reach the real Bharat we are started tweaking our distribution approach and hence Choice Connect was born. • In Choice Connect we aggregate all the services of Choice at one place and make it accessible to our Business Associates so there Earning Capacity multiplies. • Since Choice Connect is an Asset Light Model it increases our reach without impacting any fixed cost.

### 👤 28,084
• In addition to enhancing Jiffy we are constantly working on Choice Connect too to make it more easier, simpler and transparent to use.

### 👤 NBFC Business
MSME focused digital lending and payment solutions

### 👤 Lending Book
~ increased "" 9 fold in the last quarter from

### 👤 Machine
learning based Credit

### 👤 NBFC Business
Fastest in-principal sanction Data is collected from multiple alternate sources. Phone number is verified and terms & condition are shown to customer. PAN details are auto fetched from NSDL and Credit Bureau is also called on for basic underwriting. Bank statement is analyzed to understand customers business turnover. We run Business Rule Engine on the information collected and offer screen is shown to the customer. Customer has option to choose a term loan or a flexi credit loan. • Customer has option to choose the loan amount according to their need and accept the offer. • Credit reviews the overall offer from the back end and the revised offer is shared with customer. • Post customer accept the final offer. sanction letter is generated. • eNACH or pNACH option are given to customer based on the loan amount. • Agreement is eSigned along with other need documents. • Post documents are signed successfully loan is marked disbursed and money is disbursed to customer account.

### 👤 10 26 A
0 l!ill ' ~..oil 67% 1i f-

### 👤 Congratulation SURBHI KHANDELWAL
You are eiiQiblt:~ for M uomum Lou of f 25,00,000 at Interest Rat. of 24% . . .

### 👤 Term Loan
LOAN t

### 👤 Financial Performance
~2.

### 👤 ~50,000
f25,00,000 Tenure lmonlh5J Fees and charges applicable

### 👤 ~41 ,000
- t7,380 no.ot.620

### 👤 Congratulations!
Loan Payment under rev~ew ' Your pay I WI b dt>pc: .o~t dcrt- lty 1n yout JC:eotJnl Wlthcn 24hOUIS

### 👤 Address
House no. 138 Prcxluct/Scn ~mt name term_monthly St.:~tt

### 👤 D.Jte
~r B+rth

### 👤 Pn<
ode

### 👤 Management Consulting
• Includes business advisory, transaction advisory, taxation. business restructuring, overseas business set-up • Customized solutions to support various business requirements

### 👤 Investment Banking
• SEBI registered category-! merchant banker offering IPO advisory, valuations. corporate finance and pre-IPO support • Focus on providing need-based solution through innovative structures

### 👤 Infrastructure Consulting
• Provides feasibility assessment and detailed project report for water management. road & highway, affordable housing and waste management • Also provides project management and monitoring services

### 👤 Government Advisory
• Expert advisory services to government on various social initiatives

### 👤 The Joy of Earning
• Association with over 500 Urban

### 👤 Departments and 10,000+
Panchayati Raj institutions

### 👤 Jhcri<h<rd I Mcdhva """*" I Ccfshc
K<rna1akc I Hmachcl Pradooh ll!lhar

### 👤 GIS Based Property Tax
.

### 👤 Choice International Ltd.
Nifty 50 has giVen 54 75% returns m last 3 Years. Now m1ght be the lime to get started!

### 👤 With Optimo
"""''''llllf'

### 👤 Q2 FY22
Revenue from Operations

### 👤 Growth (Y.)
Revenue from Operations

### 👤 (0.3%)
EBITDA

### 👤 (1.1%)
EBITDA Margin

### 👤 Non Current Assets
a) Property, Plant and Equipment b) Investment Property c) Goodwill d) Other Intangible Assets e) Intangible Assets Under Development f) Financial Assets i) Investments ii) Loans iii) Other Financial Assets g) Current Tax Assets (net) h) Deferred Tax Assets

### 👤 I) Other Non Current Assets
j) Goodwill on Consolidation

### 👤 Current Assets
a) Financial Assets i) Securities Held for Trade ii)lnvestments iii) Trade Receivables iv) Cash and Cash Equivalents v) Bank Balances Other Than Above vi) Loans vii) Other Financial Assets b) Other Current Assets

### 👤 Equity
a) Equity Shore Capitol b) Other Equity c) Non Controlling Interest

### 👤 Non Current Liabilities
a) Financial Liabilities i) Borrowings ii) Other Financial Liabilities b) Provisions c) Deferred Tax Liabilities d) Other Non Current Liabilities

### 👤 Current Liabilities
a) Financial Liabilities i) Borrowings ii) Trade Poyobles - Total outstanding dues of micro enterprises and small enterprises - Total outstanding dues of creditors other than micro enterprises and small enterprises iii) Other Financial Liabilities b) Other Current Liabilities c) Provisions

### 👤 66,253
n3,655

### 👤 Company Overview
One of the leading financial conglomerate providing tech -led financial services

### 👤 End-to-end
financial services conglomerate with over a decade's expertise Ranked amongst Top 15 broking firms in India

### 👤 Strong Research
Desk for both

### 👤 Associate
Fintech ecosystems with a human touch

### 👤 Board Members
Board with extensive experience across businesses

### 👤 Choice
Tech lab

### 👤 Environmental, Social and Governance
Our business associates will play a major role in understanding customers and help our NBFC/ HFC business in becoming successful

### 👤 Well-established
Financial services business

### 👤 Part of the
government Financial Inclusion program and via our NBFC/ HFC business we can achieve the goal of offering financial services I across the country Our Digital fintech ecosystem will give us an advantage to reach 0 larger spectrum of people which is a requirement to launch a successful NBFC/ HFC

### 👤 "'-._
Our choice Connect Well-equipped with all the necessary 0 infrastructure and staff required for

### 👤 NBFC/ HFC
model is strong giving us an advantage over banks as NBFC/ HFC can be in places where Banks cant

### 👤 0 0
/0_?

### 👤 Media Presence
Extensive coverage by Television, Digital, Print and Social Media

### 👤 Bloomberg
3i icll'i1

### 👤 PROFIT
money control

### 👤 7.1K Followers
choicehq_social

### 👤 Q2 FY23
Hours on various TV channels covering Choice & our Analyst

### 👤 Memberships and Certifications
Registered across exchanges in India

### 👤 EXPERIENCE THE NEW
Tnde- with Trust

### 👤 27001
2013

### 👤 ~
insightrix

### 👤 ~~~
l!miii!Illll .

### 👤 CMitf!/3
·cy)·

### 👤 CDSL
TKIInl*lgy, frult&Aeldl

### 👤 'YA()o,opol
f'Y

### 👤 Disclaimer
Certain statements in this presentation concerning our future growth prospects are forward looking statements. which involve a number of risks, and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in such forward-looking statements. The company's results may be affected by factors including, but not limited to, the risks and uncertainties in research and development: competitive developments; regulatory actions; the extent and duration of the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic; litigation and investigations: business development transactions: economic conditions: and changes in laws and regulations. Choice International will not be responsible for any action taken based on such statements and undertakes no obligation to publicly update these forward-looking statements to reflect subsequent events or circumstances. For further information, please contact

### 👤 Choice International Limited
Sunil Patodia Tower. J B Nagar. Andheri East.

### 👤 Ayush Sharma
ayush.sharma@choiceindia.com

### 👤 Churchgate Partners
cil@churchgatepartners.com

## Q&A
